EX-10.1

2

ea022331501ex10-1_immu.htm

AMENDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND NORBROOK LABORATORIES LIMITED DATED AS OF NOVEMBER 29, 2024

Exhibit 10.1

 

AMENDING AGREEMENT

 

THIS AMENDING AGREEMENT
 is dated November
29, 2024 

 

PARTIES
:

 

1.
NORBROOK LABORATORIES LIMITED,
 a company incorporated and registered in Northern Ireland with company
number NI007665 and whose registered office address is at Station Works, Camlough Road, Newry, Co Down, BT35 6JP, Northern Ireland (“
NORBROOK
”);
and

 

2.
IMMUCELL CORPORATION
 a corporation duly organised and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware,
United States of America (USA) having its principal office at 56 Evergreen Drive, Portland, Maine 04103, USA (“
IMMUCELL
”);

 

(each a “
Party
”
and together the “
Parties
”).

 

BACKGROUND

 

A.
NORBROOK and IMMUCELL are parties to a Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement dated 05 September
2019 as amended by way of subsequent Amending Agreements between the Parties dated 20 July 2021, 09 February 2022, 04 March 2024 and 30
April 2024 (the “
Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement
”).

 

B.
The Parties desire to further amend the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement as set out
in this Amending Agreement with effect from the date of this Amending Agreement (the “
Variation Date
”).

 

AGREED TERMS

 

1.
Terms defined in the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement

 

In this Amending Agreement, expressions
defined in the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement and used in this Amending Agreement shall have the same meaning as
set out in the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement.

 

2.
Consideration

 

In consideration of the mutual promises
set out in this Amending Agreement the Parties agree to amend the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement as set out below.

 

 

 

 

3.
Variation

 

With effect from the Variation Date,
the Parties agree the following amendments to the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement:

 

 

a)

Section 3.2

Section 3.2 of the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement is amended to delete the existing wording of Section 3.2.2 and replace it with the following wording:

 

 

 

“3.2.2 

Notwithstanding Section 3.1.1 above, if FDA approval for the Product is not received by IMMUCELL by February 28, 2026 the Parties agree that: 

 

 

 

 

(a) 

this Agreement shall expire as of March 31, 2026; and

 

 

 

 

(b) 

upon expiry, NORBROOK shall invoice to IMMUCELL the Final Balance, and IMMUCELL shall pay such invoice in accordance with the payment terms of Section 3.2.1 of this Agreement.” 

 

b)

Section 8.1.1

Section 8.1.1 of the Development Services and Commercial Supply
Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following wording:

 

 

 

“8.1.1.

 
This Agreement shall come into effect on the Commencement Date and, unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Section 8, shall
continue in force until March 31, 2026 and (subject to Section 2.5) on such date this Agreement shall terminate automatically by expiry.”

 

4.
Continuance of other terms of the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement

 

4.1
All other terms of the Development Services and Commercial Supply Agreement subsequent addendums and/or
amending agreements remain in full force and effect and are hereby extended to include the amendments set out in this Amending Agreement.

 

4.2
In the event of any ambiguity, inconsistency or conflict between any of the provisions of the Development
Services and Commercial Supply Agreement subsequent addendums and/or amending agreements and the terms and conditions of this Amending
Agreement, the latter will prevail.

 

5.
Counterparts

 

5.1
This Amending Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when executed and
dated shall constitute a duplicate original of this Amending Agreement but all the counterparts shall together constitute one agreement.
The Amending Agreement shall not be effective until each Party has executed and exchanged at least one such executed counterpart with
the other which exchange may be by email (as a .pdf file attachment to the email).

 

6.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction

 

6.1
This Amending Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject
matter or formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of Northern
Ireland.

 

6.2
Each Party irrevocably agrees that the courts of Northern Ireland shall have exclusive jurisdiction to
settle any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this Amending Agreement or its subject matter or formation (including
non-contractual disputes or claims).

 

This Amending Agreement has been entered into
on the date stated at the beginning of it.

 

2

 

 

SIGNED
 for and on behalf of 
NORBROOK
LABORATORIES LIMITED
 by its attorney Peter Johnston under Power of Attorney dated 26 September 2024
: 

 

/s/ Peter Johnson

 

Signature

 

 

 

Peter Johnston

 

Name

 

 

 

Company Secretary

 

Position

 

 

SIGNED
 for and on behalf of 
IMMUCELL
CORPORATION 
by its President and CEO, Michael F. Brigham
:

 

/s/
 Michael F. Brigham

 

Signature

 

 

 

Michael F. Brigham

 

Name

 

 

 

President and CEO

 

Position

 

 

 

3