EX-10.7

11

tm2332394d1_ex10-7.htm

EXHIBIT 10.7

Exhibit 10.7

 

EXECUTION VERSION

 

Third
amendment TO

mASTER
SERVICES Agreement

 

This THIRD AMENDMENT TO MASTER
SERVICES AGREEMENT (this “
Amendmen
t”), is effective as of December 6, 2023 (the “
Effective Date
”),
is by and among Cross River Bank, having its principal place of business at 2115 Linwood Avenue, Fort Lee, NJ 07666 (“
CRB
”),
Sunlight Financial LLC, having its principal place of business at 101 N. Tryon Street, Suite 900, Charlotte, NC 28246, in its capacity
as administrator for CRB (“
Administrator
”), and Turnstile Capital Management, LLC, having its principal place of business
at 402 West Broadway, 20th Floor, San Diego, CA 92101 (“
Vendor
”). Administrator, CRB and Vendor may be referred to
in this Agreement individually as a “
Party
” and collectively as the “
Parties
.”

 

RECITALS

 

WHEREAS,
the Parties entered into certain Master Services Agreement, dated as of January 13, 2020 (as amended by that First Amendment, dated
as of January 1, 2021, that Second Amendment, dated as of December 3, 2021, and as may be amended, restated, supplemented prior
to the date hereof, the “
Existing Agreement
”; 
and as amended by this Amendment, the “
Agreement
”
);

 

WHEREAS, the Parties desire
to modify and amend the Existing Agreement to reflect the change in certain collection and processing mechanisms outlined in Schedule
A of the Agreement.

 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants hereinafter set forth and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby
acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows:

 

AMENDMENT

 

Section 1.
          
Defined
Terms
. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the definitions ascribed to such terms in the Agreement.

 

Section 2.
          
Amendments
.
Effective as of the date hereof, the Agreement is amended as follows:

 

(a)
            
The
Preamble of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting the paragraph in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

 

“This Master
Services Agreement (together with all Schedules, SOWs and SOPs pursuant hereto, collectively, this “
Agreement
”) is
entered into as of January 13, 2020 (the “
Effective Date
”), by and among Cross River Bank, having its principal
place of business at 2115 Linwood Avenue, Fort Lee, NJ 07666 (“
CRB
”), Sunlight Financial LLC, having its principal
place of business at 101 N. Tryon Street, Suite 900, Charlotte, NC 28246, in its capacity as administrator for CRB (“
Administrator
”),
and Turnstile Capital Management, LLC, having its principal place of business at 402 West Broadway, 20
th
 Floor, San Diego,
CA 92101 (“
Vendor
”). Administrator, CRB and Vendor may be referred to in this Agreement individually as a “
Party
”
and collectively as the “
Parties
.”

 

1

 

 

(b)
           
The
Recitals of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting the first WHEREAS clause in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

 

“
WHEREAS
,
Administrator and CRB are engaged in programs pursuant to which CRB makes purchase-money loans to finance residential solar energy systems
and other home improvement projects pursuant to (a) that certain Third Amended and Restated Loan Program Agreement, dated as of December 6,
2023, by and between Administrator and CRB, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the “
CRB
Solar Program Agreement
”) and (b) that certain Second Amended and Restated Home Improvement Loan Program Agreement, dated
December 6, 2023, by and between Administrator and CRB, as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time
(the “C
RB Home Improvement Program Agreement
” and, together with the CRB Solar Program Agreement, the “
CRB
Program Agreements
” and each a “
CRB Program Agreement
”); and”

 

(c)
            
Section 4.1
of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting the Section in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

 

“4.1 
Payment
of Fees
. Administrator will pay Vendor for the Services in accordance with the Fee Schedule. Administrator will pay all undisputed
amounts payable to Vendor within thirty (30) days of receipt of any invoice submitted by Vendor to Administrator. If such failure continues
unremedied for sixty (60) days following receipt of such invoice, interruption of Service may occur, and Vendor may evoke the right to
offset past due balance against future remittance due to Administrator under this Agreement so long as CRB is the current owner of the
Loans. Vendor shall validate all invoices prior to sending them to Administrator by having an authorized representative of Vendor sign
the invoice certifying that it is valid and correct. Vendor may not charge Administrator retroactively for any costs or fees that were
incurred more than ninety (90) before the date of the invoice.”

 

(d)
            
Section 11.1
of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting the Section in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

 

“11.1
       
Notices
.
All notices under this Agreement, including notices of address change, shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been given when
sent by (a) registered mail, return receipt requested, (b) email or (c) recognized, national overnight express mail, as
follows:

 

If to Vendor:

Turnstile Capital Management, LLC

 

402 West Broadway, 20th Floor

 

San Diego, CA 92101

 

Attention: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Email: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

2

 

 

If to Administrator:

Sunlight Financial LLC

 

101 N. Tryon Street, Suite 900

 

Charlotte, NC 28246

 

Attention: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Telephone: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Email: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

 

 

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

 

 

 

Locke Lord LLP

 

Brookfield Place, 200 Vesey Street

 

20th Floor

 

New York, NY 10281-2101

 

Attention: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Email: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

 

 

and to:

 

 

 

Locke Lord LLP

 

111 South Wacker Drive

 

Chicago, IL 60606

 

Attention: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Email: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

 

If to CRB:

Cross River Bank

 

2115 Linwood Ave

 

Fort Lee, New Jersey 07666

 

Attention: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Email: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

 

With a copy to:

Cross River Bank

 

2115 Linwood Ave

 

Fort Lee, New Jersey 07666

 

Attention: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

Email: [TEXT REDACTED]

 

(e)
            
Initial
Schedules of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting Section 7(a) in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

 

“(a)
     
Borrower
payments received will be deposited into the Bank Account (as defined in 
Schedule A
 below); 
provided
 that any Borrower payments
received by Vendor directly, will be deposited within two (2) business days from the date of receipt by Vendor into the Bank Account
(as defined in 
Schedule A
 below).”

 

3

 

 

(f)
             
Schedule
A of the Agreement shall be amended by deleting Clause 12 in its entirety and replacing it with the following:

 

“12.
     
Cause
all payments received by Vendor to be deposited into the deposit accounts ending in [TEXT REDACTED] as applicable, each
in the name of CRB and maintained at CRB (or such other deposit account or accounts agreed to by Client and CRB in writing) (collectively,
the “
Bank Account
”).”

 

Section 3.
          
Effect
of Amendment
. Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, all provisions of the Agreement shall remain in full force
and effect and all such provisions shall apply equally to the terms and conditions set forth herein. After this Amendment becomes effective,
all references in the Agreement (or in any other document) to “this Agreement,” “hereof,” “herein”
or words of similar effect referring to such Agreement shall be deemed to be references to such Agreement as amended by this Amendment.
This Agreement amends and restates the terms and conditions of the Existing Agreement, and is not a novation of any of the agreements
or obligations incurred pursuant to the terms of the Existing Agreement.

 

Section 4.
         
Successors
and Assigns
. This Amendment shall be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns.

 

Section 5.
          
Section Headings
.
The various headings and sub-headings of this Amendment are inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Amendment or the Agreement or any provision hereof or thereof.

 

Section 6.
          
GOVERNING
LAW
. THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE CONSTRUED AND ENFORCED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, AND GOVERNED BY, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THEREOF (EXCEPT FOR SECTIONS 5-1401 AND 5-1402 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW),
AND THE OBLIGATIONS, RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER SHALL BE DETERMINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH SUCH LAWS.

 

Section 7.
          
Counterparts
.
This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument, and any party
hereto may execute this Amendment by signing and delivering one or more counterparts. The parties intend that faxed signatures and electronically
imaged signatures such as .pdf files shall constitute original signatures and are binding on all parties. The original documents shall
be promptly delivered, if requested. The parties agree that this Amendment, any addendum, exhibit or amendment hereto or any other document
necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Amendment may be accepted, executed or agreed to through the use
of an electronic signature in accordance with E-Sign, UETA and any applicable state law. Any document accepted, executed or agreed to
in conformity with such laws will be binding on all parties hereto to the same extent as if it were physically executed and each party
hereby consents to the use of any secure third party electronic signature capture service with appropriate document access tracking, electronic
signature tracking and document retention as may be reasonably chosen by a signatory hereto, including but not limited to DocuSign.

 

4

 

 

[Signature Pages to Follow]

 

5

 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
,
the parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be duly executed and delivered by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized
as of the date first written above.

 

 

SUNLIGHT FINANCIAL LLC

 

 

 

By:

/s/ Rodney Yoder

 

Name:

Rodney Yoder

 

Title:

 Chief Financial Officer

 

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Master Services Agreement]

 

 

 

 

 

CROSS RIVER BANK

 

 

 

By:

/s/ Gilles Gade

 

Name:

Gilles Gade

 

Title:

 CEO & President

 

 

 

 

By:

/s/ Arlen Gelbard

 

Name:

Arlen W. Gelbard

 

Title:

EVP & General Counsel

 

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Master Services Agreement]

 

 

 

 

 

TURNSTILE CAPITAL
MANAGEMENT, LLC

 

 

 

By:

/s/ Matt Myers

 

Name:

Matt Myers

 

Title:

 CEO and President

 

[Signature Page to Third Amendment to Master Services Agreement]