EX-10.8

8

tm2121431d2_ex10-8.htm

EXHIBIT 10.8

Exhibit 10.8

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 1
PALANTIR MASTER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

This Master Subscription Agreement between Customer (“Wejo”) and Palantir, each as identified on the signature
page below (each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”), and any Order Forms or exhibits attached hereto or
subsequently entered into by and between the Parties (collectively this “Agreement”), shall be effective as of the
Effective Date (as defined below) and sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which Customer will access
certain Palantir Products and may contract for certain Palantir Services as set forth in any applicable Order Form.

1. Certain Definitions. The following capitalized
terms will have the meanings indicated below unless
otherwise specifically defined in any Order Forms or
exhibits hereto.
1.1 “Cloud Services” means the cloud services
provided by Palantir from time to time and as
described in this Agreement and any Order Forms.
1.2 “Content” means any data or other content
that is created or provided by Wejo or Authorized
Users, whether directly or indirectly from a third party,
for transmission, storage, integration, import, display,
distribution or use in or through use of the Products,
including any aggregated or transformed versions
thereof and any analytical outputs.
1.3 “Content Connection Software” means the
software provided by Palantir for installation locally by
Wejo in order to access or connect with the Products.
1.4 “Documentation” means the technical
specification documentation provided to Wejo by
Palantir regarding the Software, Palantir Materials,
and Content Connection Software.
1.5 “Intellectual Property Rights” means any
and all right, title, and interest in and to any and all
trade secrets, patents, copyrights, service marks,
trademarks, know-how, trade names, rights in trade
dress and packaging, moral rights, rights of privacy,
rights of publicity, and similar rights of any type,
including any applications, continuations, or other
registrations with respect to any of the foregoing,
under the laws or regulations of any governmental,
regulatory, or judicial authority.
1.6 “Order Form” means an ordering document
specifying the Products and/or Services to be provided
hereunder that is entered into between Palantir and
Customer, including any exhibits or addendums
thereto. The Parties may mutually develop Project
Plans following procedures set forth in such Order
Forms.
1.7 “Palantir Materials” means any data,
technology, and materials provided or made available
to Wejo by Palantir for use with the Software and
Services pursuant to this Agreement, including sample
code, software libraries, command line tools, data
integration code, templates, and configuration files.
1.8 “Palantir’s Project Manager” means
Palantir’s manager for a Project appointed in
accordance with this Agreement.
1.9 “Product(s)” means the Palantir Materials,
Documentation, and Software.
1.10 “Project” means a project, as described in a
Project Plan.
1.11 “Project Plan” includes a detailed plan
describing a Project, including identifying agreed lines
of effort, and setting out the timetable (including
Project Milestones) and responsibilities of the Parties
in completing the Project determined pursuant to the
Steering Committee process described in the Order
Form or applicable appendices. Additional details or
requirements for Project Plans may be set forth in an
applicable Order Form. .
1.12 “Proposal” means the materials handed to
Wejo supporting Palantir’s presentation to Wejo and
describing how the Parties propose to carry out a
specific Project.
1.13 “Services” means Support Services, Cloud
Services and/or Professional Services, each as
defined herein.
1.14 “Software” means the Palantir proprietary
software in a managed cloud-hosted environment, any
third-party software, the Content Connection
Software, application programming interfaces (APIs),
and models or algorithms identified on the Order Form
or provided or made available to Wejo as a service in
connection with this Agreement, and any
improvements, modifications, derivative works,
patches, upgrades, and Updates to any of the
foregoing that Palantir provides to Wejo hereunder.
1.15 “Updates” means Product changes that
Palantir at its discretion may implement in the
applicable generally available Products without
requiring the payment of additional fees. Updates do
not include new product or service offerings that
Palantir makes available for an additional charge.
2. Provision of Products.
2.1 Software. Subject to Wejo’s continued and
full compliance with all of the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, including without limitation Wejo’s
payment of all fees due under each Order Form,
Palantir will (a) provide Wejo with access to the
Software as specified in the applicable Order Form
during the applicable Order Term solely for its internal
business purposes supporting field of use cases
(FOUs) set forth in the Order Form, a Project Plan, or
internally developed by Wejo, and only (i) to use,
access, display, and run in accordance with the
Documentation and (ii) for the purposes specified in
the applicable Order Form ; and (b) provide other
Products as necessary to deliver the Software. 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 2
2.2 Content Connection Software. If applicable,
Palantir hereby grants to Wejo a non-exclusive,
nontransferable, non-sublicenseable, limited license
to use the Content Connection Software during the
Term for the sole purposes of using and connecting to
Products. At Palantir’s request, Wejo will promptly
install Updates to the Content Connection Software
provided by Palantir. Wejo shall allow Palantir to
access the Content Connection Software remotely as
necessary for Palantir to perform services hereunder.
2.3 Third-Party Services. Palantir may utilize
and/or make available third-party services in the
provision of the Products and processing of Content
(each a “Third-Party Service”). Such Third-Party
Services will be set forth in the Documentation or
otherwise be mutually agreed by and between the
Parties.
2.4 Palantir Materials. Palantir hereby grants to
Wejo during the Term a non-exclusive,
nontransferable, non-sublicenseable, limited license,
to (a) use the Palantir Materials in accordance with the
Documentation and this Agreement and (b) copy,
modify, and use the Palantir Materials solely to the
extent necessary for Wejo’s use of the Software.

3. Wejo Use of Products.
3.1 Authorized User Accounts. Palantir will
provide Wejo with the capability to provision and
establish accounts to access the Products
(“Accounts”) for Wejo’s employees or independent
contractors with a need to access the Products on
behalf of Wejo for its internal business purposes
(“Authorized Users”).
3.2 Account Protection. Wejo shall be solely
responsible for (a) administering and protecting
Accounts; (b) providing access to the Products only to
Authorized Users; (c) requiring such Authorized Users
to keep Account login information, including user
names and passwords, strictly confidential, and not to
provide such Account login information to any
unauthorized parties; (d) using industry standard
security measures to protect Accounts (including,
without limitation, using multi-factor authentication to
access the Software); and (e) any use of the Products
that occurs on Wejo’s Accounts. Wejo shall inform
each Authorized User of its obligations under, and
ensure that each Authorized User at all times abides
by, the terms of this Agreement. Wejo shall be
responsible and liable for any breach of this
Agreement by an Authorized User. In the event that
Wejo or any Authorized User becomes aware that the
security of any Account login information has been
compromised, or upon Palantir’s reasonable request,
Wejo shall immediately de-activate such Account or
change the Account’s login information.
3.3 Wejo Content Use. Wejo shall provide
Palantir with all information, assistance, and materials,
including access to Content when directed by Wejo,
as reasonably required for Palantir to activate and
operate the Products for Wejo as specified in this
Agreement, an Order Form (or related attachments) or
associated Project Plan and to provide the Services
pursuant to this Agreement. Wejo grants to Palantir a
non-exclusive worldwide license to use, copy, store,
process, transmit, retrieve, and display such
information and materials in connection with the
provision of the Products and/or Services for Wejo.
Palantir is not permitted to access or disclose any
Content, except under Wejo’s consent as necessary
to maintain or provide the Products and/or Services
specifically to Wejo . Wejo may withdraw its
authorization for Palantir to access Content at any time
by providing written notice or by control of account
access in the Products. If Palantir receives a third-
party subpoena or request or order of governmental,
regulatory, or judicial authorities regarding Wejo’s
Account, Content to which Wejo has granted Palantir
access, or use of the system, Palantir may provide
Wejo notice, except where providing notice is
prohibited by the legal process itself, by court order, or
by applicable law or where Palantir has reason to
believe providing notice could create a risk of injury or
death to any person. If Palantir is obligated to respond
to such third-party subpoena or other request or order
of governmental, regulatory, or judicial authorities and
such a third-party subpoena or request or order is not
solely due to acts or omissions of Palantir or any
investigation of Palantir, Wejo will also reimburse
Palantir for reasonable attorneys’ fees, as well as for
the reasonable time and materials spent by Palantir
responding to the third-party subpoena or other
request or order of governmental, regulatory, or
judicial authorities.

 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 3

5. Confidentiality. Each Party (the “Receiving
Party”) shall keep strictly confidential all Confidential
Information (as defined below) of the other Party (the
 “Disclosing Party”), and shall not use or process such
Confidential Information except to exercise its rights
and perform its obligations herein, and shall not
disclose or permit the unauthorized transfer of such
Confidential Information to any third party other than
disclosure on a need-to-know basis to the Receiving
Party’s own officers, directors, employees,
consultants, agents, and/or authorized subcontractors
who are each subject to obligations of confidentiality
at least as restrictive as those stated herein. Without
limiting the foregoing, the Receiving Party shall use at
least the same degree of care as it uses to prevent the
disclosure or unauthorized transfer of its own
confidential information of like importance, but in no
event less than reasonable care. The Receiving Party
shall promptly notify the Disclosing Party of any
unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information.
The Receiving Party may, without violating the
obligations of the Agreement, disclose Confidential
Information to the extent required by a valid order by a
court or other governmental body having jurisdiction,
provided that the Receiving Party: (a) provides the
Disclosing Party with reasonable prior written notice of
such disclosure and (b) uses diligent reasonable
efforts to limit disclosure and to obtain, or to assist the
Disclosing Party in obtaining confidential treatment or
a protective order preventing or limiting the disclosure,
while allowing the Disclosing Party to participate in the
proceeding. “Confidential Information” means (1)
Products, (including any information or data relating
thereto); (2) Content; and (3) any other business,
technical or engineering information or data (including
third-party information) disclosed or made available by
or on behalf of the Disclosing Party which by the
nature of the information disclosed or the manner of its 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 4
disclosure would be understood by a reasonable
person to be confidential and/or proprietary, in each
case in any form (including without limitation written,
electronic, or oral) and whether furnished before, on,
or after the Effective Date; provided, however, that
Confidential Information shall not include any
information that (a) is or becomes part of the public
domain through no act or omission of the Receiving
Party or any of the Receiving Party’s employees,
agents, advisors, attorneys, accountants, or other
representatives; (b) is known to the Receiving Party at
the earlier of the Effective Date or the time of
disclosure by the Disclosing Party (as evidenced by
written records) without an obligation to keep it
confidential; (c) was rightfully disclosed to the
Receiving Party prior to the Effective Date from
another source without any breach of confidentiality by
the third-party discloser and without restriction on
disclosure or use; or (d) the Receiving Party can
document by written evidence that such information
was independently developed without the use of or
any reference to Confidential Information. The
Receiving Party is responsible and shall be liable for
any breaches of this Section and any disclosure or
misuse of any Confidential Information by its
employees or agents (or any other person or entity to
which the Receiving Party is permitted to disclose
Confidential Information pursuant to this Section). The
Receiving Party’s obligations with respect to
Confidential Information shall survive termination of
this Agreement for a period of five (5) years; provided,
that the Receiving Party’s obligations hereunder shall
survive and continue in perpetuity after termination
with respect to any Confidential Information that is a
trade secret under applicable law or otherwise
protected by law.
6. Fees and Payment. Software are deemed
delivered upon the provision of access to Customer or
for the Customer’s benefit. Upon execution of an Order
Form, Palantir shall invoice Customer for the fees due
as set forth in the Order Form. All fees will be payable
on an annual upfront basis, or as otherwise set forth in
the Order Form. All payments shall be made via check
or wire transfer to an account designated by Palantir
in the currency set forth on the corresponding invoice.
All fees set forth in the invoice are due within thirty (30)
days after the date of issuance of Palantir’s invoice.
Customer shall be responsible for all taxes arising
under this Agreement, including, but not limited to,
sales, use, gross receipts, excise, withholding, value
added, and goods and services taxes (but not
including Palantir’s US income taxes), in addition to
any duties, costs of compliance with export and import
controls and regulations, and other governmental
assessments so that after payment of such taxes the
amount Palantir receives is not less than the fees set
forth in the Order Form. Any late payments shall be
subject to a service charge equal to 1.5% per month
of the amount due or the maximum amount of interest
for late payment allowed by applicable law, whichever
is less.
7. Services. Subject to the execution of an
Order Form, and the payment of all applicable fees
thereunder when due, Palantir shall provide Wejo with
such Services. The performance of any Services by
Palantir shall not affect the ownership of the Products,
Updates, and other related documentation or
materials provided by Palantir under this Agreement.
7.1 Support Services. Exclusively in connection
with Wejo’s access to the Products under an Order
Form, Palantir shall provide Wejo with support and
Updates in accordance with and subject to Palantir’s
standard support terms and conditions (“Support
Services”) for the applicable Order Term.
7.2 Professional Services. Subject to mutual
agreement by the Parties and execution of an Order
Form, Palantir will provide additional consulting,
integration, implementation, enablement, training, or
other professional services (collectively,
 “Professional Services”) with respect to Wejo’s use
of the Products.
8. Term and Termination. This Agreement shall
begin on the Effective Date and continue for a period
of twelve (12) months from the date of expiration of the
last to expire Order Form (the “Term”), unless
otherwise terminated as provided herein.
8.1 Order Term. The term of each Order Form
shall continue for the number of months/years set forth
in the Order Form unless otherwise terminated as
provided herein (each such period an “Order Term”).
8.2 Palantir shall co-operate with Wejo in all
matters relating to each Project and appoint a Project
Manager. In the event that Wejo has concerns about
the Palantir personnel providing Services directly to
Wejo, If the Parties cannot resolve such concerns,
Wejo may reasonably request that Palantir utilize
different personnel resources, which shall be utilized
as available.
8.3 Wejo Responsibilities. Wejo shall (a) co-
operate with Palantir in all matters relating to each
Project and appoint a Project Manager, who shall have
the authority to commit Wejo on all matters relating to
the Project; (b) provide such access to Wejo's
premises and data, and such office accommodation
and other facilities, as may reasonably be required by
Palantir and agreed by Wejo in advance for the
purposes of any Project; and (c) provide, in a timely
manner, such information as Palantir may request,
and Wejo considers reasonably necessary, in order to
carry out each Project and ensure that all information
Wejo provides is accurate in all material respects.
8.4 Termination for Cause. Without limiting either
Party’s other rights of termination set forth in this
Agreement, either Party may terminate this
Agreement for cause (including the Order Terms of all
then-current Order Forms and Project Plans
thereunder) upon written notice to the other Party in
the event of any material breach by the other Party of
any term, condition, or provision of this Agreement and
failure to remedy the breach (and provide reasonable
written notice of such remedy to the non-breaching 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 5
Party) within thirty (30) days following written notice of
such breach from the Party.

8.6 Effect of Termination; Survival. , Upon any
termination or expiration of this Agreement, all of
Wejo’s rights, access, and licenses granted hereunder
to the Products shall immediately cease and Wejo
shall promptly return to Palantir or destroy all Content
Connection Software, Palantir Materials, and
Documentation, including all portions thereof and all
other Confidential Information, and, upon written
request, so certify its compliance with the foregoing to
Palantir in writing within ten (10) days of such request.
Upon any termination or expiration of this Agreement
and Wejo’s written request, Palantir will provide Wejo
access to the Content in a format and media
reasonably accessible to Wejo for ninety (90) days and
will thereafter use reasonable methods to delete or
otherwise make all such Content inaccessible. No
termination or expiration of this Agreement shall limit
or affect either Party’s rights or obligations that
accrued prior to the effective date of termination or
expiration (including without limitation payment
obligations). Furthermore, this Section 8.6 and
Sections 4, 5, 6, 9, 10.2, 12, 13, 14, and 15, shall
survive any termination or expiration of this
Agreement. Termination is not an exclusive remedy
and all other remedies will remain available. All non-
expired Order Forms shall automatically terminate
upon the termination of this Agreement.

10. Palantir Warranty and Disclaimer.
10.1 Palantir Representations and Warranties.
Palantir represents that it has validly entered into this
I -

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 6
Agreement and has the legal power to do so.
Additionally, Palantir warrants that during the Term (a)
the Software as delivered to Wejo will perform
substantially in accordance with the applicable
Documentation; (b) the Services will be provided in a
professional and workmanlike manner and by an
adequate staff with knowledge about the Software; (c)
Palantir will perform the Services with reasonable care
and skill and in accordance with generally recognised
commercial practices and standards; ; and (d) to the
extent under Palantir’s control (and for avoidance of
doubt, excluding data controller obligations such as
General Data Protection Regulation of the European
Union), Palantir will comply with all applicable laws. In
the event of a breach of an above warranty, Wejo may
give Palantir written notice of termination of this
Agreement, which termination will be effective thirty
(30) days after Palantir’s receipt of the notice, unless
Palantir is able to remedy the breach prior to the
effective date of termination. In the event of
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Wejo’s
exercise of its right under this Section, Wejo shall be
entitled to receive from Palantir, as its sole and
exclusive remedy, a refund of a pro-rated portion of the
fees paid hereunder that reflects the remaining portion
of the Order Terms of any Order Forms in effect at the
time of termination, but such termination shall
otherwise be subject to Section 10.2. The provisions
of this clause 10.1 shall survive any performance,
acceptance or payment pursuant to this Agreement
and shall extend to any substituted or remedial
services provided by Palantir.
10.2 Disclaimer. NO AMOUNTS PAID
HEREUNDER ARE REFUNDABLE OR
OFFSETTABLE EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE
EXPLICITLY SET FORTH HEREIN. EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 10.1, THE
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS-
IS” WITHOUT ANY OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND AND PALANTIR AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND
SERVICE PROVIDERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN, RELATING TO
THE PRODUCTS AND ANY SERVICES PROVIDED
HEREUNDER OR SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS
AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF NON-
INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING
LIMITATION, PALANTIR DOES NOT WARRANT
THAT THE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES WILL MEET
WEJO REQUIREMENTS OR GUARANTEE ANY
RESULTS, OUTCOMES, OR CONCLUSIONS OR
THAT OPERATION OF PRODUCTS WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE. PALANTIR IS
NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR ANY THIRD-
PARTY SERVICE (INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, UPTIME GUARANTEES, OUTAGES,
OR FAILURES). WEJO ACKNOWLEDGES THAT
PALANTIR DOES NOT CONTROL THE TRANSFER
OF DATA, INFORMATION, OR CONTENT OVER
COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES, INCLUDING THE
INTERNET OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, AND
THAT THE PRODUCTS MAY BE SUBJECT TO
LIMITATIONS, DELAYS, AND OTHER PROBLEMS
INHERENT IN THE USE OF SUCH
COMMUNICATIONS FACILITIES. PALANTIR IS NOT
RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS, DELIVERY
FAILURES, OR OTHER DAMAGE RESULTING
FROM SUCH PROBLEMS.
11. Wejo Representations and Warranties.
11.1 General. Wejo represents that it has validly
entered into this Agreement and has the legal power
to do so.
11.2 Use of Products. Wejo warrants and
covenants that it will not use the Products for any
unauthorized, improper or illegal purposes, including
but not limited to: (a) discrimination; (b) harassment;
(c) compromising information and data security or
confidentiality; (d) harmful or fraudulent activities; (e)
violation of privacy or constitutional rights of
individuals or organizations; or (f) violation of third-
party contractual agreements or local, state, federal,
or international laws, regulations, or ordinances.
11.3 Wejo Content. Wejo warrants and covenants
that: (a) it will not transmit, store, integrate, import,
display, distribute, use or otherwise make available
any Content that is, or is obtained in a manner that is,
unauthorized, improper, or illegal; (b) this Agreement
imposes no obligations, by contract or local, state,
federal, or international law, regulation, or ordinance,
with respect to Content, unless explicitly agreed in an
Order Form or Project Plan thereunder; and (c) that
Wejo has provided all necessary notifications and
obtained all necessary consents, authorizations,
approvals, and/or agreements as required by any
applicable laws or policies in order to enable Wejo to
utilize the Software with the Content (and to the extent
any Services or Support requires the transmission to,
or access or processing by, Palantir, Wejo has
provided all necessary notifications and obtained all
necessary consents, authorizations, approvals, and/or
agreements as required by any applicable laws or
policies in order to enable such transmission, access
or processing), including personal data, according to
the scope, purpose, and instructions specified by
Wejo. Wejo acknowledges that all Content that Wejo
transmits, stores, integrates, imports, displays,
distributes, uses, or otherwise makes available
through use of the Products and the conclusions
drawn therefrom are done at Wejo’s own risk and Wejo
will be solely liable and responsible for any damage or
losses to any party resulting therefrom. Palantir has
the right to suspend the Products (1) in order to
prevent harm to Palantir or its business and to limit any
potential liability; (2) if Wejo is in breach of this
Agreement; or (3) if required to do so pursuant to
applicable law or regulation or requests or orders of
governmental, regulatory, or judicial authorities.

 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 7

13. Dispute Resolution. Any dispute,
controversy, or claim arising from or relating to this
Agreement, including the determination of scope or
applicability of the agreement to arbitrate, that cannot
be resolved following good faith discussions between
the Parties within a period of sixty (60) days after
notice of a dispute has been given by one Party to the
other shall be finally settled by arbitration in San
Francisco, California, United States, using the English
language in strict accordance with the Comprehensive
Arbitration Rules and Procedures of the Judicial
Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) and
the Federal Rules of Evidence (notwithstanding JAMS
Rule 22(d) or any other JAMS Rule to the contrary).
The arbitrator(s) may or may not be selected from the
appropriate JAMS list, and any arbitrator selected shall
have substantial experience in resolving complex
commercial contract disputes or disputes involving the
software industry. The arbitrator(s) shall have the
authority to grant equitable relief (including specific
performance) and to allocate between the Parties the
costs of arbitration (including service fees, arbitrator
fees, and all other fees related to the arbitration) in
such equitable manner as the arbitrator(s) may
determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party
shall have the right to institute an action at any time in
a court of proper jurisdiction for preliminary injunctive
relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator(s),
provided that (i) the Party instituting the action shall
seek an order to file the action under seal (or at a
minimum do so for any filings containing Confidential
Information or trade secrets) in order to limit disclosure
as provided in Section 5 of this Agreement; and (ii) a
permanent injunction and damages shall only be
awarded by the arbitrator(s). This Agreement shall be
deemed to have been made in, and shall be construed
pursuant to the laws of the State of California and the
United States. The Parties acknowledge that this
Agreement evidences a transaction involving
interstate commerce and, notwithstanding the
preceding sentence with respect to the applicable
substantive law, any arbitration or subsequent
enforcement action pursuant to this Agreement shall
be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C.
 §§ 1 et. seq.). For all purposes of this Agreement, but
subject to the agreement to arbitrate set forth above,
the Parties consent to jurisdiction and venue in the
United States Federal Courts located in the Northern
District of California or, if jurisdiction is not proper in
such Federal Courts, California Superior Court in the
County of Santa Clara. The Parties shall maintain the
confidential nature of, and shall not disclose to any
third party the existence of or any information related
to, the arbitration proceeding, including the award, the
hearing, claims, defenses, discovery, evidence,
exhibits, or testimony related to any of the foregoing,
except strictly to the extent necessary, subject to a
mutually agreed protective order approved by the
arbitrator(s) or judge, (i) to reasonably prepare for or
conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, (ii) in
connection with a reasonable court application for
preliminary injunctive relief as permitted herein, (iii) in
connection with a reasonable and permitted judicial
challenge to an Award or its enforcement, or (iv)
except as may be necessary to comply with applicable
law or regulation or judicial decision or order, provided
the Party receiving such order provide prompt written
notice to the other Party of such order and take all
reasonable efforts (and provide all reasonable
cooperation to the other Party) to prevent, limit, or
protect such disclosure to the maximum extent
possible.
14. Publicity. Each Party is permitted to state
publicly that it is in a contract with the other. Each party
may publish a brief description of Wejo’s deployment
of the Products and may use the other’s name, logo,
trademark, or trade dress to identify the other as a
customer or provider (as applicable) on any of the
Party’s websites, client/provider lists, press releases,
and/or other marketing or promotional materials. Any
public use hereunder by either Party (a) shall be 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL 8
consistent with any trademark or branding guidelines
provided by the other Party and (b) shall in no event
disparage or demean the other Party.
15. Miscellaneous. Unless otherwise waived or
agreed to in writing by Palantir, neither this Agreement
nor the access or licenses granted hereunder may be
assigned, transferred, subcontracted, or sublicensed
by Customer, except that either Party may assign this
Agreement in whole or in part to a Party affiliate or
pursuant to a Change of Control of the Party. As used
herein, “Change of Control” means, the (a)
consolidation or merger of a Party with or into any
person or entity, including by operation of law; (b) sale,
transfer or other disposition of all or substantially all of
the assets of the Party’s business related to the
subject matter of this Agreement; or (c) acquisition by
any person or entity, or group of persons or entities
acting in concert, of beneficial ownership of fifty point
one percent (50.1%) or more of the outstanding voting
securities or interests of a Party. Palantir may
subcontract this Agreement or portions thereof with
Wejo’s prior written consent. Any notice, report,
approval, or consent required or permitted hereunder
shall be in writing and sent by first class mail,
confirmed facsimile, or major commercial rapid
delivery courier service to the address specified in the
applicable Order Form. If any provision of this
Agreement shall be adjudged by any court of
competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable or invalid,
that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the
minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement
shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and be
enforceable. Any and all modifications, waivers or
amendments must be made by mutual agreement and
shall be effective only if made in writing and signed by
each Party. No waiver of any breach shall be deemed
a waiver of any subsequent breach. Wejo’s rights
under this Agreement are subject to its compliance
with all applicable export control laws and regulations.
The section headings contained in this Agreement are
for reference only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Unless
otherwise specified by Palantir, the Software and
Services provided hereunder are subject to U.S. trade
controls and sanctions laws and regulations, including
but not limited to the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations (“EAR”) and the sanctions laws and
regulations administered by the U.S. Office of Foreign
Assets Control (“OFAC”, and collectively with EAR,
 “U.S. trade control laws”), as well as the trade controls
and sanctions of any other jurisdictions in which Wejo
operates, and may only be exported, reexported, or
transferred in accordance with applicable
requirements. It is Wejo’s responsibility to (i) provide
Palantir with the necessary information for Palantir to
comply with applicable requirements; (ii) to ensure that
all end-uses and end-users relating to Wejo's
reexports and retransfers of the Software and Services
comply with applicable controls; and (iii) to refrain from
taking any action that causes Palantir to violate
applicable U.S. Trade Control Laws or the trade
controls and sanctions laws of any other jurisdiction in
which Wejo operates. Palantir will, upon written
request, provide export classification information for
the Software and Services. Palantir reserves the right
to suspend or terminate performance of this
agreement to the extent it reasonably concludes that
performance would cause it to violate U.S. or other
applicable trade laws. Wejo is not subject to
restrictions under any U.S. government restricted end
user list, including but not limited to the BIS Entity List,
BIS Denied Persons List, or the OFAC List of Specially
Designated Nationals, and is not 50% or more, directly
or indirectly, owned or controlled by any individuals or
entities identified on such lists. Wejo will immediately
notify Palantir should Wejo become subject to any
such restrictions. Except for the obligation to pay
money, neither Party will be liable for any failure or
delay in its performance under this Agreement due to
any cause beyond its reasonable control, including
without limitation acts of war, acts of God, earthquake,
flood, embargo, riot, sabotage, labor shortage or
dispute, governmental act, or failure of the Internet,
telecommunications, or hosting service provider,
computer attacks, or malicious acts; provided that the
delayed Party: (1) gives the other Party prompt notice
of such cause; and (2) uses its commercially
reasonable efforts promptly to correct such failure or
delay in performance. This Agreement, including any
exhibits hereto and any mutually executed Order
Forms, is the complete and exclusive statement of the
mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes
and cancels all previous written and oral agreements
and communications relating to the subject matter of
this Agreement. The Parties expressly acknowledge
that they have freely negotiated all clauses of this
Agreement, in written exchanges, telephone
conversations, and meetings, and that pursuant to
these negotiations they have agreed to adopt this
Agreement and hereby acknowledge the negotiated
nature of this Agreement. In the event of a conflict
between this Agreement and any exhibits or Project
plans, the terms and conditions of such exhibit or
Project plan will prevail. Palantir is in no way affiliated
with, or endorsed or sponsored by, The Saul Zaentz
Company d.b.a. Tolkien Enterprises or the Estate of
J.R.R. Tolkien.
[END OF AGREEMENT]

 

Palantir MSA - CONFIDENTIAL

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have executed this Master Subscription Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Effective Date: _____

Signatures

Wejo Limited
Abc Building
21-23 Quay Street
Manchester, England
M3 4AE

Palantir Technologies Inc. (“Palantir”)
1555 Blake Street, Suite 250
Denver, Colorado 80202
State/Country of Incorporation: Delaware, US

BY: ________________________________
NAME: ___Richard Barlow_____________
TITLE: ___Founder and CEO__________
DATE: ___25th May 2021_______________

BY: ________________________________
NAME: _____________________________
TITLE: _____________________________
DATE: ______________________________

May 25, 2021
Chief Legal and Business Affairs Officer
May 25, 2021
Ryan Taylor
g Palantir 

Palantir Order Form
CONFIDENTIAL

PALANTIR ORDER FORM ORDER #1

EFFECTIVE DATE: Effective upon the date of signature of the last signing Party listed below.

PARTIES

 Wejo Limited
Abc Building
21-23 Quay Street
Manchester, England
M3 4AE

VAT #: GB 280980283

Palantir Technologies Inc. (“Palantir”)
1555 Blake Street, Suite 250
Denver, Colorado 80202

BY: ________________________________
NAME: ___Richard Barlow_____________
TITLE: ___Founder and CEO__________
DATE: ___25th May 2021_______________

BY: ________________________________
NAME: _____________________________
TITLE: _____________________________
DATE: ______________________________

ORDER INFORMATION
ORDER TERM The term of this Order Form (the “Order Term”) will begin on the Effective Date and
shall remain in full effect through December 31, 2026.

BILLING DETAILS Palantir will invoice Wejo the Fees for 2021 as set forth in the additional Terms below.
Thereafter, the Fees for each applicable contract year will be invoiced upfront,
annually on January 1 of the applicable year.

Infrastructure costs shall be invoiced as detailed below.

BILLING CONTACT Angela Mills; accounts@wejo.com; ABC Building, Level 6, 21-23 Quay Street,
Manchester, England, M44AE
Ryan Taylor
Chief Legal and Business Affairs Officer
May 25, 2021
g Palantir 

Palantir Order Form
CONFIDENTIAL
SHIP TO (PRIMARY LOCATION OF USE) ABC Building, Level 6, 21-23 Quay Street, Manchester, England, M44AE
ACCESS SCOPE AND DETAILS Wejo shall receive Enterprise-wide access to the Palantir Foundry Platform by
Authorized Users for its internal business purposes.
INFRASTRUCTURE Palantir’s infrastructure costs (including hosting, “Infrastructure Costs”) to be invoiced
quarterly in arrears to Wejo, with payment due in accordance with the payment terms
of the Agreement. The infrastructure pricing categories are set forth in Appendix E.

TERMS
 •

 •

 •

 • This Order #1 has been executed as of the Effective Date above and is issued pursuant to the Palantir Master Subscription
Agreement dated signed on the same date as this Order and any exhibits attached thereto (“Agreement”), which sets forth the
terms and conditions pursuant to which Wejo will access and use those certain Palantir cloud managed software and services
solutions specified herein. Any capitalized terms used in this Order Form but not defined herein shall have the meaning given to
them in the Agreement. In the event of a conflict between this Order Form and the Agreement, this Order Form shall take
precedence.
 • Palantir will work with Wejo to understand how Wejo’s use of the Products impacts Infrastructure Costs and help Wejo identify
strategies and opportunities to obtain full use of the Products through more efficient use of infrastructure to reduce Infrastructure
Costs.
 • The terms in the attached Appendix A shall apply. In a case of conflict, the terms of this Order Form and the attached Appendix
A shall apply.

g Palantir 
ORDER FORM #1
APPENDIX A: PROFESSIONAL SERVICES
Subject to the tenns and conditions of Order Fonn #1 and the Palantir Master Subscription
Agreement dated May 25, 2021 ("Agreement") and for the fees set fo1th in Order Fo1m #1, this
Appendix A sets fo1th the provision of Professional Services by Palantir for the benefit of
Customer for the Professional Services Te1m specified below. Unless othe1 wise specified in this
Appendix A, the capitalized te1 ms used in this Appendix A shall have the meaning set fo1th in
the Order Fo1m and Agreement.
Section 1. Background
Wejo is a world leader in connecting vehicle data owners with data consumers across industries
- automotive OEMs, suppliers, insurance, facilities management, and municipal authorities.
Wejo have made it secure and easy to share data and value-added products am ong patties while
respecting data sovereignty. As the size, scope, complexity, and distribution patterns of Wejo's
data scales up, the rate at which Wejo can tum this data into intelligence and generate new
products will be a critical lever for the rate at which it can scale its business.
Palantir's Foundiy technology is built to accelerate the rate at which organizations can
synthesize data into operational value. Foundiy takes a "building blocks" approach to developing
a compounding data asset that provides immediate value in the sho1 t tenn and lays the
foundation for accelerated value creation over the long te1m . This approach allows for
maximizing the utility of data coming from disparate sources, to include distinct organizations,
and to rapidly develop and integrate new use cases and products.
This Foundiy platfo1m has been a
different industries.
manu acturing operations, to using data to create a differentiate expen ence or end users,
Foundiy powers utilizing data to di·ive transfonnation at ·ound the world.
The Foundiy platfo1m will suppo1t Wejo in scaling its growth and impact across the entirety of
the mobility spectrnm. The Patties will jointly define projects suppo1 t ing Wejo business
priorities. Palantir will provide Foundiy platfonn services to Wejo to implement the projects and
the project objectives.
Section 2. Categories of Palantir Services:
1 
2

In accordance with the governance structure of this Agreement, the Parties will prioritize the
implementation of mutually agreed upon commercial fields of use cases (“FOUs”, or in singular
 “FOU”) supporting Wejo’s business. Wejo’s FOUs include providing data and data intelligence
services to Wejo customers and providing data processing services to customers, including OEM
customers. Palantir will provide the following categories of services in support of this effort.

(1) Coengineering, design, and consulting efforts that do not require access to data

The parties will follow the Engagement Model (described below) to accomplish
such mutually agreed upon Projects and goals.

(2) Coengineering, design, and consulting efforts under Wejo’s direction and control where
access to data may be required

Any operations on Wejo data by Palantir, whether for engineering, design,
consulting, and/or training will be solely through the access to the
data/environment controlled by Wejo and solely to the extent expressly directed
by Wejo.

Section 3. Engagement model
Palantir engagements include identifying target Lines of Effort (“LOE’s”). These LOE’s shall be
mutually agreed by the Parties are designed to: (A) create immediate and compounding value
over time in partnership with Wejo; (B) offer the ability to focus on the next most important
problem for Wejo to tackle, while creating a data and systems foundation that unlocks more and
more utility from the data; and (C) enable the flexibility to redirect effort to more critical and
pressing issues as they arise. The initial FOUs currently considered under this Agreement are
listed in Appendix B. Palantir will provide LOE’s in 2021 to support the priority FOUs
identified in Appendix C.
 • Line of Effort 1: Co-Engineering
o Palantir will deploy a team of forward deployed engineers, deployment strategists,
and/or data scientists dependent on problem scope (“Problem Scope”) that will
configure Palantir product archetypes for specific use cases and develop novel use
cases for Wejo where appropriate by partnering directly with Wejo personnel to
solve business problems.
o This team will serially work on the next most important problem for Wejo in a
series of sprints throughout the initial bootstrapping period year. The target focus
areas and deliverables will be governed by a steering committee that can redirect
effort as new business priorities arise.
o Palantir will support the initial use cases in the sprints and develop a foundational
Ontology for Wejo to accelerate future use case development.
o Initial expected focus areas of building the data foundation for Wejo are described
below 
3

 • Line of Effort 2: Systems design and consultation
o Wejo seeks to develop a best-in-class modern architecture to utilize data and
intelligence in a differentiated manner. Palantir’s expertise will allow Wejo to
design for the future, realize cost savings with duplicative systems, and
implement systems, data models, and create robust data sharing agreements with
third parties.
o Palantir senior architects will consult with Wejo personnel on the system roadmap
to 1) Define which systems are accelerative vs duplicative 2) Design data models
and requirements in order to create a robust automotive data asset and 3) Define
integration points with the Foundry ontology to maximize the ability to insert
intelligence into required operational systems.
 • Line of Effort 3: Enablement, and self-sufficiency for Wejo personnel with the Foundry
platform
o Palantir will provide training boot camps targeting range of user personas as
needed ranging such as data engineering, data science, application configuration
and platform governance.
o Co-create use case boost exercises to facilitate use case development +
development of hands-on expertise utilizing the Foundry platform.
o Documentation, refresher training, and user support services.
Following the initial implementation period, Palantir will provide operational and maintenance
support for the Foundry software license and operation in the environment.
Section 4. Platform Scope
4.1 Example features
Palantir will provide Foundry with no less than the following features: With Foundry, Wejo can
create a semantic model unifying its core data assets. The platform has several key objectives to
enable Wejo to maximize its ability to integrate and drive value from the platform.
 • The ontology. The ontology synthesizes disparate data representing the objects and
concepts that define Wejo data asset into a coherent object model that provides a scalable
foundation to build new use cases on top of.
 • Models and metrics. The key calculations and predictions are connected to the ontology
to enable scenario planning, what-if analysis, and optimization workflows. These models
and metrics can both be developed in Foundry, as well as integrated from other systems
which may be generating a specific model.
 • Decisions. Foundry provides an out of the box set of applications as well as a
WYSIWYG application editor that seamlessly reads and writes from the ontology and
model layers to enable intelligence-driven decision making for frontline operators.
Foundry can also interoperate with other operational software in a read/write capacity to
enable maximum flexibility and seamless integration with existing systems or other
specific point solutions.
 • Open, modular, and extensible architecture. Foundry is designed to allow for flexible
architecture models that allow Wejo to make the most of existing investments and extend 
4

the platform through use of other third-party software and internal development efforts in
an iterative and flexible manner.
 • Rigorous controls on data locality, processing, and information security. Foundry
enables Wejo the ability to adhere to the requirements of data protection and processing
of its data providers.
4.2 Example benefits
Foundry enables Wejo to take a problem-first approach to provide value almost immediately,
while building a foundational asset that will scale across Wejo operations. The building blocks
required for the first use case will then provide a foundation to implement the next. The
foundational asset will then drive opportunities across markets and importantly drive tightly
coupled feedback loops between recommendations and Wejo behavior.

Section 5. Initial Target Use Cases

The initial target use cases are identified in Appendix C.

Section 6. Training and enablement

Palantir will train Wejo teams on Palantir Foundry, so that Wejo can make use of the Palantir
Foundry Platform and enterprise data asset for uses beyond specific scoped projects. This will
include:
 • Training for Wejo data engineering, data science, and other technical functions to utilize
the technical and analytical toolkits within the Platform, or integrate with existing Wejo
tooling.
 • Training for Wejo business teams on low- or no-code applications so they can easily ask
questions of the enterprise data asset and presents within business intelligence tooling,
both within Foundry and connected to preferred visualization tools.
 • Establishment of a Wejo “Foundry Program Team” to manage use case prioritization and
platform governance.

Section 7. Customer Dependencies

Wejo shall provide necessary and reasonable assistance to Palantir for the provision of Palantir
Professional Services. Palantir’s provision of the Professional Services set forth above and
compliance with requirements herein, including its ability to timely meet any timelines or
milestones or timely provide any agreed upon software capabilities, training, or support, are
contingent upon Wejo’s timely and full provision of the following (“Customer Dependencies”):
 • Data Access
o Timely access to or provisioning of relevant data definitions and fields
 § Wejo cooperation in running test data 
5

o Timely access to or provisioning of necessary network components for the
purposes of data ingestion and integration
 • User Access
o Timely access to Wejo test users and subject matter experts for implementation
and configuration support.
o Timely assistance from Wejo's technical experts and Wejo internal data owners to
ensure proper operation of the Cloud Solution with Wejo data and technology
systems and infrastructure

Palantir shall communicate deficiencies in necessary Customer Dependencies in a timely manner
so that Wejo can find and assign appropriate resources and resolve blocking problems.

Section 8. Project Management/Governance

8.1 Joint Team Approach

The joint team of Wejo Technical and Business users with Palantir Forward Deployed Engineers
and Deployment Strategists will work towards achieving the aforementioned goals. Wejo will
bring expertise in the underlying data, prioritization of business questions to investigate, and
design of required workflows. Palantir will help bootstrap the usage of the platform while
simultaneously training Wejo users to operate increasingly independently on the platform.

8.2 Regular Touchpoints (Daily/Weekly or as needed)

Palantir’s project team will hold regular check-ins with Wejo users and representatives to ensure
rapid feedback and iteration within the Foundry Platform. These meetings may take numerous
forms—including working or training sessions, project updates, sprint planning, or informal
reviews of progress, risks, and findings. Typically, participants from the client include business
users, technical users, and Business and/or Technical leads.

8.3 Steering Committee Meetings (Monthly or as needed, but no less than quarterly)

Palantir’s project team and Wejo users will present formal progress updates to a Steering
Committee comprised of Palantir and Wejo stakeholders. The Committee shall jointly govern the
Foundry implementation, prioritize objectives, review progress, and remove roadblocks. Wejo
participants should include the Executive Sponsor, Business and Technical Leads, and other
relevant participants. The Steering Committee shall also be responsible for determining the
FOUs that shall serve as the basis for current and future Project Plans for which Palantir will
provide project resources as mutually agreed between the Parties. The Project Plans will be
implemented to achieve result driven goals. The Steering Committee may update the FOUs and
timing and priority thereof from time to time to develop updated Project Plans to meet Wejo’s
business priorities. The Projects Plans shall identify the priorities to be addressed in connection
with the Problem Scopes identified above and mutually agreed to by the Parties through the
Steering Committee and mutually agreed to be commensurate with the Fees. Project Plans and 
6

performance will include review by the Steering Committee who will assess performance to the
goals and make recommendations for further action under the Project Plan.

8.4 Key Roles

By or within a reasonable time of signing this Agreement, Wejo and Palantir will assign the
persons to the Key Roles identified below, and any other additional Key Roles the Parties may
designate.

Wejo

Role

Responsibilities

Wejo
POC

Executive
Sponsor

- Provides sponsorship for Palantir across the organization
- Provides regular guidance and feedback at Monthly Steering
Committees
- Partners on long-term strategy and planning

TBD

Project Lead

- Primary point of contact for Palantir team
- Provides regular feedback; validate that results are accurate and in line
with needs
- Secures access to teams and resources necessary for implementation
and training
- Arranges key meetings such as monthly Steering Committees
- Provides logistics for the team e.g. workspace, internet access

TBD

Data SMEs

 •Discuss data documentation, business parameters, data model, data
provenance, and current applications of the data
 •Requirements tend to be upfront as knowledge gets institutionalized in
Foundry

TBD

Business End
Users

 •Iterate with Palantir implementation team on workflows
 •Describe current workflows, pain points, desires
 •Provide feedback to support ongoing development
 •Involvement tends to be quickly bi-directional as business should
quickly derive value from the software

TBD

Palantir

Role

Responsibilities

Palantir
POC

Project Lead

 •Primary point of contact for pilot success

TBD 
7

 •Ensures team is aligned against key outcomes
 •Communicates goals, needs, and wins to Executive Sponsor and
other internal stakeholders

Engineers

 •Integrates data into environment
 •Implements and deploys workflows
 •Configures the platform

TBD

Data Scientist (as
needed)

- Partners with Wejo‘s data experts to deploy data science
techniques effectively in the Foundry Platform

TBD

Section 11. Minimum Security Requirements

Palantir’s platform and computing environment will at all times during the term of this Agreement
comply with the requirements of Appendix D.

Section 12. Evolution

12.2 Changes in Circumstances.

The Parties understand that due to the long-term nature of this Agreement, the Parties may experience
new circumstances and business needs may arise within the term that are consistent with the mutual goals
hereof. The Parties agree to work in good faith to address these new circumstances and business needs
and, if necessary, modify or amend the terms hereof or applicable work projects consistent with the
original purpose of this Agreement.
 
APPENDIX B
Fields of Use Summary
APPENDIX C
INITIAL PRIORITY USE CASES

 
Wejo
Third Party Information Security Requirements 
Page 2 of 16 
Page 3 of 16 
Page 4 of 16 
Page 5 of 16 
Page 6 of 16 
Page 7 of 16 
Page 8 of 16 
Page 9 of 16 
Page 10 of 16 

Page 11 of 16 
Page 12 of 16 
Page 13 of 16 
Page 14 of 16 
Page 15 of 16 

Page 16 of 16 
QPalantir
-
-
I
I
I
Palantir Foundry -
Cloud Infrastructure Pricing
-
-
Copyngtn @ 2020 PalanurTechnologles Inc. <-Pa.1antIf'). All rights reserved. The Informat1on In this document Is proprietary and confldenua~ and inch.des cenaIn Palantlrtrade secrets. Unauthonzed disclosure to any third pany Is su1ctly
prohibited. The content provided herein Is provided for Infonnat1onal purposes only and shall not create a warranty of 8rtf kind. Art/ data contained herein Is notional 
QPalantir Palantir Foundry -
Cloud Infrastructure Pricing
-
-
- -
-
Copyngtn @ 2020 PalanurTechnologles Inc. <-Pa.1antIf'). All rights reserved. The Informat1on In this document Is proprietary and confldenua~ and inch.des cenaIn Palantlrtrade secrets. Unauthonzed disclosure to any third pany Is su1ctly
prohibited. The content provided herein Is provided for Infonnat1onal purposes only and shall not create a warranty of 8rtf kind. Art/ data contained herein Is notional