EX-10.1

2

ea020302901ex10-1_nogin.htm

THE ORDER WITH THE PLAN ATTACHED AS EXHIBIT A.

Exhibit 10.1

 

IN THE UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

 

 

)

 

In re:

)

Chapter 11

 

)

 

Nogin, Inc., 
et al.,

)

Case No. 23-11945 (CTG)

 

)

 

Debtors.
1

)

)

(Jointly Administered)

 

 

)

)

Re: Docket No. 407

 

ORDER CONFIRMING FIRST AMENDED JOINT CHAPTER

11 PLAN OF NOGIN, IN
C.
AND ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES

 

Upon the filing by Nogin, Inc.,
Nogin Commerce, Inc., and Native Brands Group LLC, as debtors and debtors in possession in the above-captioned chapter 11 cases (collectively,
the “
Debtors
,” and the Debtors’ chapter 11 cases, the “
Chapter 11 Cases
”), as “proponents
of the plan” within the meaning of section 1129 of title 11 of the United States Code (the “
Bankruptcy Code
”),
of the 
First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Nogin, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates,
 dated March 21, 2024 [Docket No. 407] (as
amended, modified, or supplemented in accordance with its terms, the “
Plan
”), which is attached hereto as 
Exhibit
A
;
2
 and the United States Bankruptcy
Court for the District of Delaware (the “
Court
”) having approved the 
Disclosure Statement for Joint Chapter 11 Plan
of Nogin, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates
, dated January 22, 2024 [Docket No. 195] (the “
Disclosure Statement
”),
and the Debtors having complied with the requirements of the 
Order (I) Approving Disclosure Statement and Form and Manner of Notice
of Disclosure Statement Hearing, (II) Establishing Solicitation, Voting and Tabulation Procedures, (III) Scheduling Confirmation Hearing,
(IV) Establishing Notice and Objection Procedures for Confirmation of Plan, (V) Approving Debtors’ Proposed Assumption and Assignment
Procedures and (VI) Granting Related Relief
 [Docket No. 201] (the “
Disclosure Statement Order
”); and the Debtors
having filed the 
Notice of Filing of Plan Supplement 
[Docket No. 293] (the “
First Plan Supplement
”) on February
15, 2024, the 
Notice of Filing of Second Plan Supplement 
[Docket No. 396] (the “
Second Plan Supplement
”)
3

on March 22, 2024, the 
Notice of Filing of Third Plan Supplement 
[Docket No. 403] on March 25, 2024 (the “
Third Plan Supplement
”),
and the 
Notice of Filing of Fourth Plan Supplement 
[Docket No. 406] on March 26, 2024 (as may be further amended or supplemented,
the “
Fourth Plan Supplement
” and, together with the First Plan Supplement, the Second Plan Supplement and the Third
Plan Supplement, collectively, the “
Plan Supplement
”); and this Court having considered the record in these Chapter
11 Cases, the stakeholder support for the Plan evidenced on the record and the 
Declaration of Robin Chiu in Support of Confirmation
of First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Nogin, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates
 [Docket No. 399] (the “
Chiu Declaration
”),
the 
Declaration of Adam Green in Support of Sale of Reorganized Equity Interests of the Reorganized Debtors 
[Docket No. 398] (the
“
Green Declaration
”), and the 
Declaration of John Burlacu of Donlin, Recano & Company, Inc. Regarding the Solicitation
and Tabulation of Votes Cast On the Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Nogin, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates
 [Docket No. 397], the compromises,
settlements, and transactions embodied in and contemplated by the Plan, and the arguments regarding confirmation of the Plan; and a hearing
on confirmation of the Plan having been held on March 26, 2024 (the ”
Confirmation Hearing
”), and the evidence
in support of the Plan adduced at the Confirmation Hearing; and after due deliberation:

 

IT IS HEREBY FOUND AND DETERMINED
THAT:

 

A. 
Findings
of Fact and Conclusions of Law
.
 The findings and conclusions set forth in this Confirmation Order constitute this Court’s
findings of fact and conclusions of law pursuant to Rule 52 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, made applicable herein by Bankruptcy
Rules 7052 and 9014. To the extent any findings of fact constitute conclusions of law, or any conclusions of law constitute findings of
fact, they are adopted as such.

 

B. 
Jurisdiction
and Venue
.
 The Debtors are eligible debtors under section 109 of the Bankruptcy Code, this Court has jurisdiction over these Chapter
11 Cases, including the sale of the Reorganized Equity Interests (as defined below) in the “Reorganized Debtors”, pursuant
to 28 U.S.C. §§ 157(a)-(b) and 1334(b) and the 
Amended Standing Order of Reference
 from the United States District Court
of Delaware, dated February 29, 2012, and this Court has jurisdiction to enter a final order with respect thereto. To the extent that
it is later determined that this Court, absent consent of the parties, cannot enter a final judgment on this matter consistent with Article
III of the United States Constitution, the Debtors have consented to entry of a final order by this Court. Venue is proper under 28 U.S.C.
§§ 1408 and 1409.

 

 

1
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases and the last four digits
of their respective federal tax identification number are: Nogin, Inc. (0703); Nogin Commerce, Inc. (0719); Native Brands Group LLC (0504).
The mailing address for the Debtors is 105 E. 34th St., Suite 137, New York, NY 10016.

2
Capitalized terms used in this order (the “
Confirmation
Order
”) but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan.

3
In reviewing this Confirmation Order and the Plan, reference
should be made to the 
Transaction Identification Notice
 appended as 
Exhibit 3
 to the Second Plan Supplement. The Post-Effective
Date Debtor is Nogin, Inc., and the Reorganized Debtors are Nogin Commerce, LLC (after conversion from a Delaware corporation to a Delaware
limited liability company, as set forth in the Revised Restructuring Steps Memorandum, which is appended as 
Exhibit 5-A
 to the
Fourth Plan Supplement) and Native Brands Group LLC.

 

 

 

 

C. 
Core
Proceeding
.
 This matter is a core proceeding pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2)(A) and (N).

 

D. 
Burden
of Proof
.
 Each of the Debtors has met the burden of proving that the Plan satisfies the requirements for confirmation of section
1129 of the Bankruptcy Code by a preponderance of the evidence.

 

E. 
Adequacy
of Disclosure Statement
.
 The Disclosure Statement contained adequate information within the meaning of section 1125 of the Bankruptcy
Code and was approved pursuant to the Disclosure Statement Order.

 

F. 
Notice
and Opportunity to Object
. 
 As evidenced by the affidavits and certificates of service and publication notice filed with this
Court, due, proper, timely, adequate, and sufficient notice of, and opportunity to object to, the Sale Transaction, the Plan, the Confirmation
Hearing, and the 
Notice of Cure Costs and Potential Assumption and Assignment of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases in Connection
with Proposed Chapter 11 Plan and/or Sale of Substantially All of the Debtors’ Assets
, dated January 18, 2024 [Docket No. 187],
as supplemented by the 
Notice of First Supplement to Cure Costs and Potential Assumption and Assignment of Executory Contracts and
Unexpired Leases in Connection with Proposed Chapter 11 Plan and/or Sale of Substantially All of the Debtors’ Assets 
[Docket
No. 280] (together, the “
Assumption and Cure Notice
”), has been provided under the circumstances of these Chapter 11
Cases in compliance with the Disclosure Statement Order.

 

Plan

 

G. 
Solicitation
.

The Plan was solicited in good faith and in compliance with applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, Bankruptcy Rules and the Disclosure
Statement Order. The transmittal and service of the Plan, the Disclosure Statement, and the Ballots were adequate and sufficient under
the circumstances, and all parties required to be given notice of the Confirmation Hearing (including the deadline for filing and serving
objections to confirmation of the Plan) have been given due, proper, timely, and adequate notice in accordance with the Disclosure Statement
Order and in compliance with the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, the Local Rules, and applicable non-bankruptcy law and such parties
have had an opportunity to appear and be heard with respect thereto. No other further notice is required.

 

H. 
Good
Faith
. 
The Plan has been proposed in good faith and not by any means forbidden by law. In so finding, this Court has considered
the totality of the circumstances of these Chapter 11 Cases. The Plan is the result of extensive, good faith, arm’s-length negotiations
among the Debtors and their principal constituencies, including, without limitation, the Official Committee of Unsecured Creditors (the
“
Creditors’ Committee
”), the ad hoc committee of holders of 7% Senior Notes due 2026 (the “
Ad Hoc Committee
of Noteholders
”), the Indenture Trustee, B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC (the “
Plan Sponsor
”) and Nogin
Holdings, LLC, as the Buyer.
4

 

I. 
Voting
.
Votes to accept or reject the Plan have been solicited and tabulated fairly in good faith, and in a manner consistent with the Bankruptcy
Code, the Bankruptcy Rules and the Disclosure Statement Order.

 

J. 
Modifications
to the Plan
. 
The modifications made to the Plan since solicitation (i)
comply in all respects with section 1127 of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 3019, (ii) do not adversely affect the treatment of
any holder of Allowed Claims without their consent and (iii) do not require re-solicitation of votes with respect to the Plan.

 

K. 
C
reditors’
Committee Settlement
. The evidence establishes that it is in the best interests of the Debtors and all Holders of Claims and Interests
that the Creditors’ Committee Settlement is approved on the terms set forth in the Plan. The Creditors’ Committee Settlement
is an integral, integrated, and inextricably linked aspect of the Plan that is not severable from the remainder of the Plan. Accordingly,
the parties have met their burden of proving that the Creditors’ Committee Settlement is fair, reasonable, and in the best interests
of the Debtors, their Estates, and the Holders of Claims.

 

 

4
The Buyer is the designee of the Plan Sponsor.

 

2

 

 

L. 
Best
Interest of Creditors
. The Plan satisfies section 1129(a)(7) of the Bankruptcy Code. The liquidation analysis attached to the
Disclosure Statement and the other evidence proffered or adduced at the Confirmation Hearing (1) is persuasive and credible, (2) has not
been controverted by other evidence and (3) establishes that each Holder of an impaired Claim or Equity Interest that has not accepted
the Plan will receive or retain under the Plan, on account of such Claim or Equity Interest, property of a value, as of the Effective
Date, that is not less than the amount that such Holder would receive or retain if the Debtors were liquidated under chapter 7 of the
Bankruptcy Code on such date.

 

M. 
Acceptance
by Certain Classes
. Class 3 is Impaired under the Plan and voted to accept the Plan. Classes 1, 2 and 5 are deemed to accept the
Plan. Classes 4 and 6 are Impaired under the Plan and are deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy
Code. As found and determined below, pursuant to section 1129(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Plan may be confirmed notwithstanding
the fact that Classes 4 and 6 are impaired and are deemed to have rejected the Plan.

 

N. 
Fair
and Equitable; No Unfair Discrimination
. 
 Holders of Claims in Class 4 and 6 are deemed to reject the Plan
.

Based upon the evidence proffered, adduced and presented by the Debtors at the Confirmation Hearing, the Plan does not discriminate
unfairly against, and is fair and equitable with respect to, Classes 4 and 6, as required by sections 1129(b)(1) and (b)(2) of the Bankruptcy
Code. Thus, the Plan may be confirmed notwithstanding the deemed rejection of the Plan by Classes 4 and 6.

 

O. 
Releases,
Exculpation, and Injunction
.

 

(i) The
releases contained in 
Article VIII.E.1
 of the Plan (the “
Debtor Releases
”) and 
Article VIII.E.2
 of the
Plan (the “
Consensual Releases
,” and together with the Debtor Releases, the “
Releases
”) are essential
components of the Plan and appropriate. Good and valid justification has been provided in support of the Releases, in particular, the
consideration provided by the parties receiving the Releases. Accordingly, the Releases are: (a) a good faith settlement and compromise
of the Claims released pursuant to 
Articles VIII.E.1
 and 
VIII.E.2
 of the Plan; (b) in the best interests of the Debtors
and all holders of Claims and Interests; (c) fair, equitable, and reasonable; and (d) given and made after due notice and opportunity
for a hearing.

 

(ii) Based
upon the record of these Chapter 11 Cases, the representations of the parties, and/or the evidence proffered, adduced, and/or presented
at the Confirmation Hearing, the Releases set forth in 
Articles VIII.E.1
 and 
VIII.E.2
 of the Plan are consistent with the
Bankruptcy Code and applicable law and are approved.

 

P. 
Exculpation
.

 The exculpation provided by 
Article VIII.F
 of the Plan for the benefit of the Exculpated Parties is approved as it meets the
standard to which fiduciaries are held as reflected in 
In re PWS Holding Corp.
, 228 F.3d 224 (3d Cir. 2000), is appropriately tailored
to the circumstances of these Chapter 11 Cases, reasonable in scope and does not relieve any party of liability for an act or omission
to the extent such act or omission is a result of intentional fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence, as determined by a Final
Order.

 

Q. 
Injunction
.

The injunctions contained in 
Article VIII.G
 of the Plan serve to effectuate both the release and exculpation provisions, are consistent
with the Bankruptcy Code and applicable law and are approved.

 

R. 
Plan
Supplement
. 
The documents contained in the Plan Supplement are integral
to the Plan and are approved. 

 

S. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Agreement
.
 Approval of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement is in the best interests of the Debtors,
their Estates and the Holders of Claims. The establishment of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the selection of the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trustee and the form of the proposed Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement (
see 
Exhibit 7 to Docket No. 406) (as may
be amended, modified, or supplemented, the “
Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement
”) is appropriate and in the best
interests of the Debtors, their Estates and Holders of Claims. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement will, upon execution, be valid,
binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee is not, and will not be deemed to be, successor-in-interest
of the Debtors for any purpose other than as set forth in the Plan or in the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement, as applicable.

 

T. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Agreement
. Approval of the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement is in the best interests of the Debtors, their
Estates and the Holders of Claims. The establishment of the Creditor Litigation Trust, the selection of the Creditor Litigation Trustee
and the form of the proposed Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement (
see 
Exhibit 6 to Docket No. 406) (as may be amended, modified,
or supplemented, the “
Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement
”) is appropriate and in the best interests of the Debtors,
their Estates and Holders of Claims. The Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement will, upon execution, be valid, binding and enforceable in
accordance with its terms. The Creditor Litigation Trustee is not, and will not be deemed to be, successor-in-interest of the Debtors
for any purpose other than as set forth in the Plan or in the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement, as applicable.

 

U. 
Plan
Administrator
. Approval of the Plan Administrator Agreement is in the best interests of the Debtors, their Estates and the Holders
of Claims. The selection of the Plan Administrator and the form of the proposed Plan Administrator Agreement (
see 
Exhibit 1-A to
Docket No. 396) (as may be amended, modified, or supplemented, the “
Plan Administrator Agreement
”) is appropriate and
in the best interests of the Debtors, their Estates and Holders of Claims. The Plan Administrator Agreement will, upon execution, be valid,
binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms. The Plan Administrator is not, and will not be deemed to be, successor-in-interest
of the Debtors for any purpose other than as set forth in the Plan or in the Plan Administrator Agreement, as applicable.

 

3

 

 

Sale Transaction

 

V. References
to “Sale Transaction,” “Sale Transaction Documents,” “Equity Purchase Agreement,” and “Buyer”
all refer to the Debtors’ proposed sale transaction with the Plan Sponsor on the terms and conditions of the Stalking Horse Bid
(as defined in the Bidding Procedures), which was deemed to be the Successful Bid (as defined in the Bidding Procedures).

 

W. 
Extensive
Efforts by the Debtors
.
 The Debtors, under the guidance of the Strategic Transactions Committee of the Debtors’ boards of
directors, and with the assistance of their counsel and other advisors, have presented credible evidence that they explored various strategic
alternatives for the Debtors’ Assets and equity interests over an extended period of time and communicated with numerous parties
regarding, among other potential transactions, a possible sale of the Debtors’ reorganized equity interests (the “
Reorganized
Equity Interests
”). The Sale Transaction is the result of the Debtors’ extensive efforts to maximize recoveries to the
Debtors’ Estates for the benefit of creditors.

 

X. 
Best
Interests
.
 Approval of the Sale Transaction and Sale Transaction Documents is in the best interests of the Debtors, their Estates,
their creditors, and all parties in interest.

 

Y. 
Compliance
with Bidding Procedures
.
 The Bidding Procedures were substantively and procedurally fair to all parties, including all potential
bidders. The Debtors, the Buyer, and their respective advisors have complied with the Bidding Procedures and Bidding Procedures Order
in all respects. The Debtors and their advisors, led by Livingstone Partners, LLC, the Debtors’ investment banker, engaged in a
robust and extensive marketing and sale process pursuant to the Bidding Procedures Order and the Bidding Procedures, and the sale process
and the Bidding Procedures were non-collusive, duly noticed, and provided a full, fair, and reasonable opportunity for any Person to make
an offer to purchase the Debtors’ Assets and Reorganized Equity Interests.

 

Z. 
Highest
or Otherwise Best Value
.
 The consideration to be provided by the Buyer under the Sale Transaction Documents for the Reorganized
Equity Interests constitutes: (i) reasonably equivalent value under the Bankruptcy Code, the Uniform Voidable Transactions Act, and
the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, (ii) fair consideration under the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, and (iii) reasonably
equivalent value and fair consideration under any other applicable laws of the United States, any state, territory or possession or the
District of Columbia. Such consideration constitutes the highest or otherwise best bid for the Reorganized Equity Interests. No other
Person or entity, or group of Persons or entities, has proposed a higher or better offer to purchase the Reorganized Equity Interests
than the offer made by the Plan Sponsor. The sale of the Reorganized Equity Interests is the best means to preserve and maximize the value
of the Debtors’ Estates.

 

AA. 
Good Faith; No
Collusion
.
 The Sale Transaction Documents and the Sale Transaction were negotiated, proposed, and entered into, and are being
undertaken by the Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, and the Buyer in good faith, without collusion, and from arm’s-length bargaining positions.
Likewise, the value that the Debtors and their Estates will receive on consummation of the Sale Transaction is the product of arm’s-length,
good faith negotiations that took place, without collusion, between the Debtors, the Plan Sponsor and the Buyer, and their respective
representatives and advisors. The Plan Sponsor and the Buyer have proceeded in good faith in all respects in that, among other things,
(i) the Plan Sponsor and the Buyer agreed to subject the Reorganized Equity Interests to higher or otherwise better offers; (ii) the Plan
Sponsor and the Buyer complied with the provisions of the Bidding Procedures Order, including compliance with confidentiality obligations
and restrictions under the Bidding Procedures and any applicable non-disclosure or confidentiality agreement; (iii) the Plan Sponsor’s
bid, as assigned to the Buyer, was the Stalking Horse Bid and was subjected to competitive Bidding Procedures as set forth in the Bidding
Procedures Order; and (iv) all consideration to be provided by the Buyer and all other material agreements or arrangements entered into
by the Buyer and the Debtors in connection with the Sale Transaction have been disclosed and are appropriate. Other than agreements among
the Debtors and the Buyer, as reflected in the Sale Transaction Documents and herein, the purchase price for the Reorganized Equity Interests
was not controlled by any agreement among potential bidders, and specifically the Debtors, the Plan Sponsor, the Buyer and the Consultation
Parties (as defined in the Bidding Procedures) have not acted in a collusive manner with any person or entity. The Sale Transaction Documents
were not entered into and the Sale Transaction is not being consummated for the purpose of hindering, delaying, or defrauding present
or future creditors of the Debtors and the Buyer’s prospective performance and payment of amounts owing under the Equity Purchase
Agreement is being undertaken in good faith and for valid business purposes and uses. All consideration to be provided by the Buyer in
connection with the Sale Transaction has been disclosed. Neither the Debtors nor the Buyer are entering into the Sale Transaction Documents,
or proposing to consummate the Sale Transaction, fraudulently for the purpose of effecting any statutory or common law fraudulent conveyance
and fraudulent transfer, whether under the Bankruptcy Code or under the laws of the United States, any state, territory, possession thereof,
or the District of Columbia, or any other applicable jurisdiction with laws substantially similar to any of the foregoing.

 

4

 

 

BB. 
Free and Clear
.

On the Effective Date, pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b) and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Reorganized Equity Interests shall be
transferred, assigned, and conveyed, to and vest in, the Buyer free and clear of all Liens, claims (including those that constitute a
“claim” as defined in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code), property interests, rights, liabilities, encumbrances, pledges,
and other interests of any kind or nature whatsoever, including any Excluded Liabilities, against the Debtors or the Reorganized Equity
Interests, including, without limitation, any debts, Claims, rights, causes of action, and/or suits arising under or out of, in connection
with, or in any way relating to, any acts, omissions, obligations, demands, guaranties, rights, contractual commitments, restrictions,
environmental liabilities, employee retirement or benefit plan claims, workers’ compensation claims, severance claims, retiree healthcare
or life insurance claims, and/or claims for taxes of or against the Debtors and/or the Reorganized Equity Interests to the maximum extent
available under applicable law, and any derivative, vicarious, transferee, or successor liability claims, rights, or causes of action
(whether in law or in equity, under any law, statute, rule, or regulation of the United States, any state, territory, or possession thereof
or the District of Columbia), whether arising prior or subsequent to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, whether known or unknown,
whether fixed or contingent, whether anticipated or unanticipated, whether yet accrued or not, and whether imposed by agreement, understanding,
law, equity or otherwise arising under or out of, in connection with, or in any way related to the Debtors, the Debtors’ operation
of their business before the Closing (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement), or the sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity
Interests to the Buyer (collectively, all such Liens, claims, interests and other matters described above in this paragraph BB, the “
Seller
Claims
”). Those holders of Seller Claims who did not object (or who ultimately withdrew their objections, if any) to the Sale
Transaction or the Plan have either consented to or are deemed to have consented to the Sale Transaction pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b)
and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. All Persons having Seller Claims of any kind or nature whatsoever against the Debtors or the Reorganized
Equity Interests shall be forever barred, estopped, and permanently enjoined from pursuing or asserting such Seller Claims (other than
any Assumed Liabilities (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement), and any allowed Cure Costs due and owing in an amount determined
following the resolution of any timely Cure Objection in accordance with paragraphs 45, 46, and 47 of this Confirmation Order). Notwithstanding
the foregoing or any other provision of this Confirmation Order or the Equity Purchase Agreement to the contrary, the transfer of the
Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer shall not be free and clear of the right to assert setoff or recoupment as a defense by any
party that timely filed an objection or proof of claim preserving such right or defense.

 

CC. 
No Successor or
Other Derivative Liability
.
 The sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer, including the assumption by
the Reorganized Debtors of the Assumed Contracts (as defined herein) in connection with the Sale Transaction, will not subject the Buyer
to any liability (including any successor liability) with respect to the Excluded Liabilities (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement);

provided
, 
that
, upon Closing, the Reorganized Debtors shall remain liable only for the Assumed Liabilities, and the Buyer
shall remain liable for any allowed Cure Costs due and owing in an amount determined following the resolution of any timely Cure Objection
in accordance with paragraphs 45, 46, and 47 of this Confirmation Order. The Buyer is not, and the consummation of the Sale Transaction
will not render the Buyer, a mere continuation, and the Buyer is not holding itself out as a mere continuation, of the Debtors or their
Estates, enterprise, or operations, and there is no continuity or common identity between the Buyer and the Debtors. Accordingly, the
Sale Transaction does not amount to a consolidation, merger, or 
de facto
 merger of the Buyer with or into the Debtors or their
Estates and the Buyer is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a successor to the Debtors or their Estates as a result of the consummation
of the Sale Transaction.

 

DD. The Buyer, the Reorganized
Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and the Creditor Litigation Trust shall not have any successor
or transferee liability, including, but not limited to (i) those that purport to give to any party a right or option to effect any
forfeiture, modification, right of first refusal, or termination of the Debtors’ or the Buyer’s interest in the Reorganized
Equity Interests, or any similar rights and (ii) (a) those arising under all mortgages, deeds of trust, security interests,
conditional sale or other title retention agreements, pledges, Liens, judgments, demands, encumbrances, rights of first refusal or charges
of any kind or nature, if any, including, but not limited to, any restriction on the use, voting, transfer, receipt of income, or other
exercise of any attributes of ownership and (b) all Claims arising in any way in connection with any agreements, acts, or failures
to act, of the Debtors or any of the Debtors’ predecessors or Affiliates, whether known or unknown, contingent or otherwise, whether
arising prior to or subsequent to the commencement of these Chapter 11 Cases, and whether imposed by agreement, understanding, law, equity
or otherwise, including, but not limited to, Claims otherwise arising under doctrines of successor or transferee liability.

 

5

 

 

EE. 
Necessity of Order
.

The Buyer would not have entered into the Sale Transaction Documents and would not consummate the transactions contemplated thereby, thus
adversely affecting the Debtors and their Estates and creditors, (i) if the sale of the Reorganized Equity Interests was not free
and clear of all Liens, Interests, or Claims, including, without limitation, any rights or Claims based on any successor or transferee
liability, or (ii) if the Buyer would, or in the future could, be liable for any such Liens, Interests, or Claims, including, without
limitation, any rights or Claims based on any successor or transferee liability. The Buyer will not consummate the Sale Transaction unless
this Court expressly orders that none of the Buyer, its Affiliates, or their present or contemplated members or shareholders will have
any liability whatsoever with respect to, or be required to satisfy in any manner, whether at law or equity, or by payment, setoff, or
otherwise, directly or indirectly, any Liens, Interests, or Claims (other than the Assumed Liabilities and any allowed Cure Costs due
and owing in an amount determined following the resolution of any timely Cure Objection in accordance with paragraphs 45, 46, and 47 of
this Confirmation Order), including rights or Liens, Interests, or Claims based on any successor or transferee liability. A sale of the
Reorganized Equity Interests, other than one free and clear of all Liens, Interest, or Claims, would yield substantially less value for
the Debtors’ Estates.

 

FF. The total consideration
to be provided under the Sale Transaction Documents reflects the Buyer’s reliance on this Confirmation Order to provide it with
title to and possession of the Reorganized Equity Interests free and clear of all Liens, Interests, or Claims pursuant to sections 1123,
1141(b), and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

GG. 
Assumption
of Assumed Contracts.
 The assumption of the Assumed Contracts is integral to the Sale Transaction. Specifically, the assumption
of the Assumed Contracts: (i) is necessary to sell the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer, (ii) is an integral part of
the Reorganized Equity Interests being purchased by the Buyer, (iii) avoids losses that might otherwise be incurred by counterparties
to the Assumed Contracts, and (iv) maximizes the recoveries to other creditors of the Debtors by avoiding Claims for rejection damages.
In light of the foregoing, assumption of the Assumed Contracts is reasonable and enhances the value of the Debtors’ Estates.

 

HH. 
Cure/Adequate
Assurance
. 
The Buyer has cured or demonstrated its ability to cure any default with respect to any act or omission that occurred
prior to the Effective Date under any of the Assumed Contracts, within the meaning of section 365(b)(1)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code. Unless
otherwise agreed to by the parties, the Cure Costs set forth in the Assumption and Cure Notice are deemed the amounts necessary to cure
all defaults within the meaning of section 365(b) of the Bankruptcy Code under such Assumed Contracts. The Buyer’s promise to perform
the obligations under the Assumed Contracts after the Effective Date shall constitute adequate assurance of future performance by the
Buyer (“
Adequate Assurance
”) of and under the Assumed Contracts, within the meaning of sections 365(b)(1) the Bankruptcy
Code. All counterparties to Assumed Contracts who did not timely file an objection to the assumption of the Assumed Contracts in accordance
with the Plan and the Assumption and Cure Notice (any such objection, a “
Cure Objection
”) are deemed to consent to
the assumption by the Reorganized Debtors of their respective Assumed Contract. If any such Cure Objection is not consensually resolved
or finally determined by this Court prior to the Effective Date with respect to any Assumed Contract, so long as the Buyer remains responsible
to satisfy the allowed Cure Costs of the Assumed Contracts, the Reorganized Debtors may assume such Assumed Contract at the Effective
Date and upon either the consensual resolution or final determination by this Court of such Cure Objection, in a manner acceptable to
the Buyer, the Buyer shall promptly pay to such counterparty the allowed Cure Costs owing to such counterparty with respect to such Assumed
Contract. Accordingly, all of the requirements of sections 1123(b)(2) and 365(b) of the Bankruptcy Code have been satisfied for the assumption
by the Reorganized Debtors of each of the Assumed Contracts.

 

II. 
Service
of Assumption and Cure Notice
.
 As evidenced by the certificates of service filed with this Court, and in accordance with the provisions
of the Bidding Procedures Order, the Debtors have served, prior to the Confirmation Hearing, the Assumption and Cure Notice, which provided
notice of the Reorganized Debtors’ intent to assume the Assumed Contracts and of the related proposed Cure Costs, upon each counterparty
to such Assumed Contracts. The service of the Assumption and Cure Notice was timely, good, sufficient, and appropriate under the circumstances
and no further notice need be given with respect to the Cure Costs, or Adequate Assurance, for the assumption of the Assumed Contracts.
All counterparties to the Assumed Contracts have had a reasonable opportunity to object both to the Cure Costs listed on the Assumption
and Cure Notice, Adequate Assurance, and the assumption of the Assumed Contract by the Reorganized Debtors. No defaults exist in the Debtors’
performance under the Assumed Contracts as of the date of this Confirmation Order other than the failure to pay the Cure Costs, as may
be required, or such defaults that are not required to be cured.

 

6

 

 

JJ. 
Validity
of Sale.
 As of the Closing, the sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer will be a legal, valid,
and effective sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity Interests, and will vest the Buyer with any and all legal, equitable, and beneficial
right, title, and interest of the Reorganized Debtors in and to the Reorganized Equity Interests, free and clear of all Seller Claims
(other than any Assumed Liabilities and any allowed Cure Costs due and owing in an amount determined following the resolution of any timely
Cure Objection in accordance with paragraphs 45, 46 and 47 of this Confirmation Order). The consummation of the Sale Transaction is legal,
valid, and properly authorized under all applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including, without limitation, sections 1123, 1141(b)
and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, and all of the applicable requirements of such sections have been complied with in respect of the
Sale Transaction.

 

KK. 
Valid and Binding
Contract
.
 The Sale Transaction Documents are valid and binding contracts between the Debtors and the Buyer and shall be enforceable
pursuant to their terms. The Sale Transaction Documents, the Sale Transaction, and the consummation thereof, shall be specifically enforceable
against and binding upon (without posting any bond) the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Buyer, and any chapter 7 or chapter 11 trustee
appointed in these Chapter 11 Cases, and shall not be subject to rejection or avoidance by the foregoing parties or any other parties.

 

LL. 
Prompt Consummation
.

The Sale Transaction Documents and Sale Transaction must be approved and consummated as promptly as practicable in order to maximize the
value of the Debtors’ Estates. Therefore, time is of the essence in consummating the Sale Transaction, and the Debtors and the Buyer
intend to close the Sale Transaction as soon as reasonably practicable. The Debtors have demonstrated compelling circumstances and a good,
sufficient, and sound business purpose and justification for the immediate approval and consummation of the Sale Transaction as contemplated
by the Equity Purchase Agreement. In the absence of a stay pending appeal, the Debtors and the Buyer may close the sale contemplated by
the Sale Transaction Documents at any time after the entry of this Confirmation Order and shall not be subject to the stay provided by
Bankruptcy Rules 6004(h) and 6006(d).

 

MM. 
Business Justification
.

The Debtors have demonstrated compelling circumstances and good, sufficient and sound business purposes and justifications for this Court
to approve the sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer and the assumption by the Reorganized Debtors of the
Assumed Contracts in accordance with the Sale Transaction Documents (as defined herein), pursuant to sections 1123(a)(5), 1123(b) and
1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. The Debtors’ entry into and performance under the Sale Transaction Documents: (i) are a result
of due deliberation by the Debtors and constitute a sound and reasonable exercise of the Debtors’ business judgment consistent with
their fiduciary duties; (ii) provide value to, and are in the best interests of, the Debtors, their Estates, and their creditors; and
(iii) are reasonable and appropriate under the circumstances. Business justifications for the Sale Transaction include, but are not
limited to, the following: (i) the Purchase Price set forth in the Equity Purchase Agreement constitutes the highest or otherwise
best offer received for the Reorganized Equity Interests and (ii) the Sale Transaction on the terms set forth in the Sale Transaction
Documents presents the best opportunity to maximize the value of the Debtors’ Estates.

 

NN. 
Corporate Authority
.

The Debtors: (i) have full organizational power and authority to execute the Sale Transaction Documents and all other documents contemplated
thereby, and the Sale Transaction, the Releases, and all other features of the Plan, as applicable, have been duly and validly authorized
by all necessary organizational action of the Debtors; (ii) have all of the organizational power and authority necessary to consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Sale Transaction Documents and all other documents contemplated thereby; (iii) have taken all organizational
action necessary to authorize and approve the Sale Transaction Documents and all other documents contemplated thereby and the consummation
by the Debtors of the Sale Transaction; and (iv) need no consents or approvals, other than those expressly provided for in the Sale Transaction
Documents, from any other Person to consummate the Sale Transaction.

 

OO. 
Miscellaneous
.

The principal purpose of the Plan is not the avoidance of taxes or the avoidance of the application of section 5 of the Securities Act,
and no governmental entity has objected to the confirmation of the Plan on such grounds. The Plan, therefore, satisfies the requirements
for confirmation under section 1129(d) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

PP. 
Final Order
.

 This Confirmation Order is intended to be a final order within the meaning of 28 U.S.C. § 158(a).

 

7

 

 

FURTHER, IT IS HEREBY ORDERED
THAT: 

 

General 

 

1. Any
and all objections to entry of this Confirmation Order, the Plan and the Sale Transaction, including any objections to Cure Costs, Adequate
Assurance, the assumption of Assumed Contracts, or any terms of the Sale Transaction Documents, that have not been withdrawn, waived,
or settled, or not otherwise resolved pursuant to the terms hereof, if any, hereby are denied and overruled on the merits with prejudice.

 

2. Any
failure of this Confirmation Order to specifically include or refer to any particular article, section, or provision of the Plan, the
Plan Supplement (or any document contained therein), the Sale Transaction Documents, the Plan Administrator Agreement, the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Agreement, Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement, or any exhibit or document related to the foregoing, or contemplated
thereby, does not, and shall not be, deemed to diminish or impair the effectiveness or enforceability of such article, section, or provision;
it being the intention of this Court that all such documents are approved in their entirety.

 

The Plan

 

3. 
Confirmation
of the Plan
. The Plan, attached hereto as 
Exhibit A
, is approved and confirmed under section 1129 of the Bankruptcy
Code in each and every respect.

 

4. 
The
Plan and Plan Supplement
. The terms and provisions of the Plan, and the documents contained in the Plan Supplement, including
the (i) Equity Purchase Agreement and any necessary documentation related to the Sale Transaction, (ii) the List of Assumed Contracts,
(iii) the schedule of Retained Causes of Action, (iv) the identity and terms of compensation of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee,
(v) the form of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement, (vi) the identity and terms of compensation of the Creditor Litigation Trustee,
(vii) the form of the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement, (viii) the identity and terms of compensation of the Plan Administrator, (ix)
the form of the Plan Administrator Agreement, (x) the Restructuring Steps Memorandum, (xi) the Creditor Trust Funding Memorandum, and
(xii) the Transaction Identification Notice, and the exhibits to the foregoing, are incorporated herein by reference and are an integral
part of this Confirmation Order. The terms of the Plan, the Plan Supplement, and all exhibits and other relevant and necessary documents
related thereto or contemplated thereby shall be effective and binding as of the Effective Date. The Plan Supplement may be amended in
accordance with the terms of the Plan.

 

5. 
Compromises
and Settlements
. 
The compromises and settlements set forth in the Plan,
including the Creditors’ Committee Settlement, are approved and will be effective immediately and binding on all parties in interest
on the Effective Date.

 

6. 
Governmental
Approvals Not Required
. This Confirmation Order shall constitute all approvals and consents required, if any, by the laws, rules
or regulations of any state or any other governmental authority with respect to the implementation or consummation of the Plan and any
other acts that may be necessary or appropriate for the implementation or consummation of the Plan.

 

7. 
Documents
and Instruments
.
 Each federal, state, commonwealth, local, foreign, or other governmental agency is authorized to accept for filing
and/or recording any and all documents, mortgages and instruments necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement or consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Plan and this Confirmation Order.

 

8. 
Binding
Release, Exculpation and Injunction Provisions
. Pursuant to Bankruptcy Rule 3020(c)(1), all injunctions, releases, discharge and
exculpation provisions set forth in the Plan, including but not limited to those contained in 
Article VIII.D
 (Discharge of Claims
and Termination of Interests), 
Article VIII.E.1
 (Debtor Releases), 
Article VIII.E.2
 (Consensual Releases), 
Article VIII.F

(Exculpation) and 
Article VIII.G
 (Injunction), are approved and shall be effective and binding on all Persons and entities, to
the extent provided therein, and as fully set forth herein.

 

8

 

 

9. 
General
Authorizations
. Pursuant to the appropriate provisions of the corporate or business organizations law of the applicable states
or provinces of organization of the Debtors, and section 1142(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, no additional action of the respective directors,
members, managers or stockholders of the Debtors will be required to authorize the Debtors to enter into, execute, deliver, file, adopt,
amend, restate, consummate or effectuate, as the case may be, the Plan and any contract, instrument or other document to be executed,
delivered, adopted or amended in connection with the implementation of the Plan.

 

10. 
Binding
Effect
. In accordance with section 1141(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and notwithstanding any otherwise applicable law, upon
the occurrence of the Effective Date, the provisions of the Plan shall bind (a) the Debtors, (b) all Holders of Claims and Equity
Interests (irrespective of whether such Claims or Equity Interests are impaired under the Plan or whether the Holders of such Claims or
Equity Interests have accepted, rejected or are deemed to have accepted or rejected the Plan), (c) any and all non-Debtor parties
to executory contracts and unexpired leases with the Debtors and (d) any other party in interest in these Chapter 11 Cases.

 

11. 
Implementation
of the Plan
. The Debtors are authorized to execute, deliver, file or record such documents, contracts, instruments, releases and
other agreements, and take such other actions as may be necessary to effectuate, implement and further evidence the terms and conditions
of the Plan, including all such actions delineated in Article IV of the Plan, and this Confirmation Order. On the Effective Date, the
Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Creditor Litigation Trust and the Plan Administrator, as applicable, shall be authorized to execute,
deliver, file or record such contracts, instruments, releases, consents, certificates, notices, resolutions, programs, and other agreements,
instruments and/or documents, and take such acts and actions as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement, substantially
consummate and/or further evidence the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Confirmation Order and any transactions described in
or contemplated thereby.

 

12. 
Dissolution
or Termination of the Nogin, Inc.; Resignation of Employees, Officers and Directors
. On the Effective Date, all Existing 
Equity
Interests in the Post-Effective Date Debtor shall be cancelled and the Plan Administrator shall be deemed to hold one common share in
Post-Effective Date Debtor solely for the benefit of holders of Allowed Claims. For the avoidance of doubt, the Plan Administrator shall
not be entitled to receive any Distribution under the Plan on account of such Equity Interest. Further, effective as of the Effective
Date, all directors and officers of Debtor Nogin, Inc. shall be discharged, and the Plan Administrator shall serve as the sole director
and officer of the Post- Effective Date Debtor. In addition, the Post-Effective Date Debtor or the Plan Administrator, as applicable,
is authorized to execute, deliver, file or record such contracts, securities, instruments, releases, and other agreements, documents,
organizational documents, corporate resolutions, consents and to take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate and
further evidence the terms and conditions of the Plan
. After the Effective Date, the Plan Administrator is authorized to dissolve
or terminate the existence of the Post-Effective Date Debtor for all purposes under any applicable state or federal law, without the need
to take any further action or file any plan of dissolution, notice or application with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
or any other state or government authority, and without the need to pay any franchise or similar taxes in order to effectuate such dissolution.
Additionally, on the Effective Date, the members, directors, managers, and officers, if any and as applicable, shall be deemed to have
resigned and the Plan Administrator shall be appointed as the sole officer, director, and/or manager, as applicable, of Fashion Coral
LLC (the “
Dormant Non-Debtor Subsidiary
”), without the need for any corporate action to effect such resignation or
appointment. The Post-Effective Date Debtor and the Plan Administrator are authorized to take all actions necessary or appropriate to
effect such resignation or appointment. After the Effective Date, the Post-Effective Date Debtor and the Plan Administrator shall take
all action necessary to dissolve or terminate the existence of the Dormant Non-Debtor Subsidiary under applicable law.

 

13. 
Restructuring
Transactions
. To the extent provided by applicable state law, including under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation
Law, including section 303 thereof, no action of the respective directors, equity holders, managers, or members of the Debtors or the
Reorganized Debtors is required to authorize the Debtors or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, to enter into, execute, deliver, file,
adopt, amend, restate, consummate, or effectuate, as the case may be, the Plan, the Restructuring Transactions, and any contract, assignment,
certificate, instrument, or other document to be executed, delivered, adopted, or amended in connection with the implementation of the
Plan, including the conversion of Nogin Commerce, Inc. from a Delaware corporation to Nogin Commerce, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company.

 

9

 

 

14. 
Consolidation
of the Debtors
. In accordance with, and to the extent described by, Article IV.Q of the Plan, the consolidation of the Debtors’
Estates for administrative purposes (including for purposes of implementing the Plan, voting and assessing whether the standards for Confirmation
have been met, and calculating and making Distributions under the Plan) is approved.

 

15. 
Modifications
.
The amendments and modifications to the 
Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Nogin, Inc and Its Debtor Affiliates
 [Docket No. 203] since the
filing thereof, including as reflected herein, and incorporated into and reflected in the Plan are approved in accordance with section
1127(a) of the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rule 3019(a).

 

16. 
Professional
Compensation
. In accordance with Article II.B of the Plan, all Professionals shall file with the Bankruptcy Court and serve
their respective final applications for allowance of Professional Fee Claims incurred during the period from the Petition Date through
the Effective Date by the date that is 45 days after the Effective Date. Once approved by the Bankruptcy Court, all such final requests
shall be promptly paid by the Plan Administrator from the Professional Fee Account up to the Allowed amount. For the avoidance of doubt,
the Professional Fee Account is not a cap on fees unless such professional has agreed to such limitation. Upon the Effective Date, any
requirement that Professionals and Ordinary Course Professionals (as defined in the 
Order (I) Authorizing Employment and Payment of
Professionals Utilized in Ordinary Course of Business and (II) Granting Related Relief 
[Docket No. 157] (the “
OCP Order
”))
comply with sections 327 through 331 and 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code, the 
Order Establishing Procedures for Interim Compensation and
Reimbursement of Expenses of Professionals 
[Docket No. 148] or the OCP Order in seeking retention or compensation for services rendered
after such date shall terminate, and the Post-Effective Date Debtor, the Reorganized Debtors, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and the
Creditor Litigation Trust, as applicable, may employ and pay any Professional or Ordinary Course Professional in the ordinary course of
business without any further notice to or action, order or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

 

17. 
Professional
Fee Account
. As soon as practicable after the entry of this Confirmation Order, but no later than the Effective Date, the Debtors
will fully fund the Professional Fee Account according to the budget provided in accordance with the DIP Order and the Professionals’
estimates provided pursuant to Article II.B of the Plan. The Debtors or the Plan Administrator, as applicable, will hold amounts
contained in the Professional Fee Account solely for the payment of Professional Fee Claims. When the Plan Administrator has satisfied
all Allowed Professional Fee Claims in full, the Plan Administrator, will distribute any remaining amount in the Professional Fee Account
to the Buyer. For the avoidance of doubt, prior to the satisfaction of all Allowed Professional Fee Claims, the Professional Fee Account
shall not constitute property of the Debtors’ Estates or property of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Creditor Litigation
Trust or the Post-Effective Date Debtor, and the amounts therein shall be held for the benefit of the Professionals.

 

18. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust
. 
The Court finds that approval of the 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust 
Agreement (substantially in the form included in the Plan
Supplement) is in the best interests of the 
Debtors’ and all holders of Claims and Interests
.
The 
Noteholder Direct Claims Trust 
Agreement is approved and shall not
be in conflict with any federal or state law. Further, the appointment of 
Peter Hurwitz 
as

Noteholder Direct Claims 
Trustee is approved. 
On the Effective
Date, (i) the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall be established pursuant to, and governed by the terms of, the Plan and the Noteholder
Direct Claims Agreement substantially in the form included in the Plan Supplement; (ii) the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall be established
to qualify at all times as a “liquidating trust” within the meaning of Section 301.7701-4(d) of the Treasury Regulations (except
with respect to any “disputed ownership fund”); and (iii) the Noteholder Direct Claims of (a) all Senior Noteholders party
to the Funding Agreement, and (b) any Senior Noteholder who has not opted out in writing by the Effective Date, shall be deemed automatically
contributed to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust. Beneficiaries of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall have only such rights and
interests in and with respect to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Assets as set forth in the Plan and the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust
Agreement. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall be subject to the continuing jurisdiction of this Court.

 

19. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust
. 
The Court finds that entry into the Creditor Litigation
Trust Agreement (substantially in the form included in the Plan Supplement) is in the best interests of the Debtors’ and all holders
of Claims and Interests. The Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement is approved and shall not be in conflict with any federal or state law.
Further, the appointment of 
Peter Hurwitz 
as Creditor Litigation Trustee
is approved. 
On the Effective Date, (i) the Creditor Litigation Trust shall be established pursuant to, and governed by the terms
of, the Plan and the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement substantially in the form included in the Plan Supplement; (ii) the Creditor
Litigation Trust shall be established to qualify at all times as a “liquidating trust” within the meaning of Section 301.7701-4(d)
of the Treasury Regulations (except with respect to any “disputed ownership fund”); and (iii) the Creditor Litigation Trust
Assets shall vest with the Creditor Litigation Trust free and clear of all liens, charges, Claims, encumbrances and interests, in accordance
with the Plan. Beneficiaries of the Creditor Litigation Trust shall have only such rights and interests in and with respect to the Creditor
Litigation Trust Assets as set forth in the Plan and the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement. To the extent the exemption in section 1145
of the Bankruptcy Code is available, the issuance of the beneficial interests in the Creditors Litigation Trust shall be exempt from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and any state or local law requiring registration as provided by such section. The Creditor
Litigation Trust shall be subject to the continuing jurisdiction of this Court.

 

10

 

 

20. The
Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests to be issued to the Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficiaries and the Noteholder
Direct Claims Beneficial Interests in the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust issued to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Beneficiaries, in
each case under the Plan, are not intended to be “securities” under applicable laws, but if such interests constitute securities,
the issuance of such securities under the Plan shall be exempt pursuant to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, to the extent such exemption
is available, from the registration requirements of Section 5 of the Securities Act and any other applicable securities laws requiring
registration of securities. Moreover, if the Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests or the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust
Beneficial Interests constitute securities, any and all such beneficial interests that constitute securities shall be tradeable under
the Securities Act by the recipients thereof (i) if either (X) the provisions of section 1145(b)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code relating to
the definition of an underwriter in Section 2(a)(11) of the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations of the SEC, if any, applicable
at the time of any future transfer of such beneficial interests is available or (Y) the resales are otherwise exempt from registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, and (ii) only to the extent expressly permitted under the terms of the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement.

 

21. To
the extent expressly permitted under the terms of the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement or the Noteholders Direct Claims Trust Agreement,
the Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests and the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Beneficial Interests may be made eligible
for clearance and trading through the book-entry facilities of DTC.

 

22. For
the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the Amended Plan or this Confirmation Order shall relieve the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust or any other party from complying with federal and state securities laws.  

 

23. 
Post-Effective
Date Debtor and Plan Administrator
. 
The Court finds that entry into the
Plan Administrator Agreement (substantially in the form included in the Plan Supplement) is a reasonable exercise of the Debtors’
business judgement. The entry by the Debtors into the Plan Administrator Agreement is approved and shall not be in conflict with any federal
or state law. Further, the appointment of Craig Jalbert as Plan Administrator is approved.
 On the Effective Date, the Post-Effective
Date Assets shall vest with the Post-Effective Date Debtor free and clear of all liens, charges, Claims, encumbrances and interests, in
accordance with the Plan, subject to the Sale Transaction Documents (including the Excluded Liabilities).

 

Sale Transaction

 

24. 
Approval
.

Pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b) and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, the sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity Interests to the
Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Sale Transaction Documents, including the Equity Purchase Agreement, and all transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Sale Transaction, and all of the terms and conditions thereof, are hereby approved in their entirety.

 

25. 
Fair
Purchase Price
.
 The consideration provided by the Buyer under the Sale Transaction Documents for the Reorganized Equity Interests
is fair and reasonable, is the highest or otherwise best offer for the Reorganized Equity Interests, and constitutes (i) reasonably equivalent
value under the Bankruptcy Code, the Uniform Voidable Transactions Act, and the Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, (ii) fair consideration
under the Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act, and (iii) reasonably equivalent value and fair consideration under any other applicable laws
of the United States, any state, territory or possession, or the District of Columbia.

 

26. 
Consummation
of Sale Transaction
.
 Pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b) and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, the Debtors are authorized
and empowered to sell and transfer the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Equity Purchase Agreement,
the Plan, and this Confirmation Order. The Debtors, as well as their managers, directors, officers, employees, and agents, are authorized
to execute, deliver, and perform their obligations under and comply with the terms of the Sale Transaction Documents and to consummate
the Sale Transaction, including by taking any and all actions as may be reasonably necessary or desirable to implement the Sale Transaction
and each of the transactions contemplated thereby pursuant to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Sale Transaction
Documents and this Confirmation Order. For the avoidance of doubt, all Persons and entities are prohibited and enjoined from taking any
action to adversely affect or interfere with the ability of the Debtors to sell and transfer the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer
in accordance with the Equity Purchase Agreement and this Confirmation Order; 
provided
, 
that
, the foregoing restriction
shall not prevent any party from appealing this Confirmation Order in accordance with applicable law or opposing any appeal of this Confirmation
Order.

 

11

 

 

27. The
Debtors, their Affiliates, and their respective directors, managers, officers, employees, and agents, are authorized to execute and deliver,
and authorized to perform under, consummate, and implement all additional notices, assumptions, conveyances, releases, acquittances, instruments
and documents that may be reasonably necessary or desirable to implement the Sale Transaction Documents, including the sale and transfer
of the Reorganized Equity Interests, the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities, and the assumption of the Assumed Contracts, and to take
all further actions as may be (i) reasonably requested by the Buyer for the purpose of issuing, vesting, selling and/or transferring
of the Reorganized Equity Interests and/or (ii) necessary or appropriate to the performance of the obligations contemplated by the
Sale Transaction Documents, all without further order of this Court.

 

28. 
Surrender
of Possession
.
 All Persons that are currently in possession of some or all of the Debtors’ Assets that are not Excluded
Assets (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) (the “
Transferred Assets
”) are hereby directed to surrender possession
of such assets to the Buyer or the Reorganized Debtors upon the Closing Date (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) or at such
later time as the Buyer or the Reorganized Debtors reasonably request and such other Persons reasonably agree. To the extent required
by the Equity Purchase Agreement, the Debtors agree to exercise commercially reasonable efforts to assist the Buyer or the Reorganized
Debtors in assuring that all Persons that are presently, or on the Closing Date may be, in possession of some or all of the Transferred
Assets will surrender possession of such assets to either (i) the Debtors before the Closing Date or (ii) the Buyer or the Reorganized
Debtors, as applicable, on or after the Closing Date.

 

29. 
Sale
of Reorganized Equity Interests Free and Clear
.
 On the Effective Date, in accordance with the Sale Transaction Documents, the
Plan, and this Confirmation Order, the Reorganized Equity Interests shall be sold and transferred to the Buyer free and clear of all Liens,
Claims, charges, Interests, or other encumbrances to the maximum extent permitted by section 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. On the Effective
Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall be discharged of all Claims and liabilities to the fullest extent permitted by section 1141 of the
Bankruptcy Code, except with respect to the Assumed Liabilities, or as otherwise provided in the Plan or the Equity Purchase Agreement.

 

30. Pursuant
to section 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, all Persons are forever prohibited and enjoined from taking any action against the Buyer, the
Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtors, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Creditor Litigation Trust (or any of their
respective property, Affiliates, successors, and assigns) or the Released Parties based on any Claims, Interests, Liens, and other encumbrances
(other than any Assumed Liabilities and any allowed Cure Costs due and owing in an amount determined following the resolution of any timely
Cure Objection in accordance with paragraphs 45, 46, and 47 of this Confirmation Order) to the extent such Claims, Interests, Liens, and
other encumbrances are released or discharged pursuant to the terms of the Plan.

 

31. 
Direction
to Government Agencies
.
 Subject to paragraph 8 of this Confirmation Order, this Confirmation Order: (i) shall be effective
as a determination that, as of the Closing, all Claims have been unconditionally released, discharged, and terminated as to the Reorganized
Debtors and the Reorganized Equity Interests and that the sale, transfer, assignment, and conveyance described herein has been effected;
and (ii) is and shall be binding upon and govern the acts of all Persons, including all filing agents, filing officers, title agents,
title companies, recorders of mortgages, recorders of deeds, registrars of deeds, administrative agencies, governmental departments, secretaries
of state, federal, state, county and local officials and all other Persons who may be required by operation of law, the duties of their
office, or contract, to accept, file, register, or otherwise record or release any documents or instruments that reflect that the Buyer
has been sold and transferred the Reorganized Equity Interests free and clear of all Liens, Claims, charges, interests, or other encumbrances
or who may be required to report or insure any title or state of title in or to any lease (all such entities being referred to as “
Recording
Officers
”). All Recording Officers are authorized to strike recorded encumbrances, Claims, Liens, pledges, and other interests
against the Reorganized Debtors recorded prior to the date of this Confirmation Order. A certified copy of this Confirmation Order may
be filed with the appropriate Recording Officers to evidence cancellation of any recorded encumbrances, Claims, Liens, pledges, and other
interests against the Reorganized Debtors recorded prior to the date of this Confirmation Order. All Recording Officers are hereby authorized
to accept for filing any and all of the documents and instruments necessary, advisable, or appropriate, and appropriate to consummate
the transactions contemplated by the Equity Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to paragraph 23 herein and section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy
Code, no government agencies shall implement or charge the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Buyer, the Post-Effective Date Debtor,
the Plan Administrator, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, or the
Creditor Litigation Trustee any transfer tax in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Sale Transaction Documents.

 

12

 

 

32. 
Exemption
from Certain Transfer Taxes
.
 To the maximum extent permitted pursuant to section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, any transfer
or exchange of any (i) securities, (ii) instruments or documents, or (iii) property under the Plan to be transferred following
confirmation of the Plan in furtherance of the Plan or the Plan Supplement, shall not, in each case, be subject to any document recording
tax, deed tax, stamp tax, conveyance fee, mortgage tax, real estate transfer tax, mortgage recording tax, Uniform Commercial Code filing
or recording fee, regulatory filing or recording fee, sales tax, use tax or other similar tax or governmental assessment. Consistent with
the foregoing, each recorder of deeds or similar official for any county, city or Governmental Unit in which any instrument hereunder
is to be recorded shall, pursuant to the Confirmation Order, be ordered and directed to accept such instrument without requiring the payment
of any such tax or governmental assessment (including any filing fee). All filing or recordation officers (or any Person with authority
over any of the foregoing), wherever located and by whomever appointed, shall comply with the requirements of section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy
Code, shall forego the collection of any such tax or governmental assessment, and shall accept for filing and recordation any of the foregoing
instruments or other documents without the payment of any such tax or governmental assessment.

 

33. Following
the Closing, no holder of any Claim shall interfere with the Reorganized Debtors’ title to or use or enjoyment of the Acquired Companies’
Assets (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement) based on or related to any Liens, Claims, charges, interests, or other encumbrances
or based on any actions or omissions by the Debtors, including any actions or omissions the Debtors may take in these Chapter 11 Cases.

 

34. Except
as expressly set forth in the Sale Transaction Documents and the Plan, and except with respect to the Assumed Contracts, the Reorganized
Debtors and the Buyer and their respective Affiliates, successors, assigns, members, partners, officers, directors, managers, principals,
and shareholders shall have no liability whatsoever for any Claims against the Debtors, the Debtors’ Estates, or Excluded Liabilities,
whether known or unknown as of the Closing, now existing or hereafter arising, whether fixed or contingent, whether liquidated or unliquidated,
whether asserted derivatively or vicariously, whether asserted based on the Buyer’s status as a transferee, successor, or otherwise,
of any kind, nature, or character whatsoever, including Claims based on, relating to, and/or arising under, without limitation: (i) any
employment or labor agreement; (ii) any pension, welfare, compensation or other employee plan, agreements, practices, and programs, including,
without limitation, any pension or employee plan of or related to the Debtors’ Affiliates or predecessors or any current or former
employees of any of the foregoing; (iii) the Debtors’ business operations or the cessation thereof; (iv) any litigation involving
the Debtors; (v) any employee, workers’ compensation, occupational disease, or unemployment or temporary disability related law,
including, without limitation, any Claims, rights, or causes of action that might arise under or pursuant to (a) the Employee Retirement
Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, (b) the Fair Labor Standards Act, (c) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, (d) the Federal
Rehabilitation Act of 1973, (e) the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act of 1988, (f) the Age Discrimination and Employee
Act of 1967 and Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended, (g) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, (h) the Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, (i) state and local discrimination laws, (j) state and local unemployment compensation laws
or any other similar state and local laws, (k) state workers’ compensation laws, and/or (l) any other state, local, or federal employee
benefit laws, regulations or rules or other state, local or federal laws, regulations or rules relating to, wages, benefits, employment,
or termination of employment with the Debtors or any of their predecessors; (vi) any antitrust laws; (vii) any product liability or similar
laws, whether state, federal, or otherwise; (viii) any environmental laws, rules, or regulations, including, without limitation, under
the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601, et seq., or similar state statutes;
(ix) any bulk sales or similar laws; (x) any federal, state, or local tax statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances, including, without
limitation, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; and/or (xi) any common law doctrine of 
de facto 
merger, successor, transferee,
or vicarious liability, substantial continuity liability, successor-in- interest liability theory, and/or any other theory of or related
to successor liability.

 

35. 
No
Discriminatory Treatment
.
 To the extent provided by section 525 of the Bankruptcy Code, no Governmental Unit may deny, revoke,
suspend, or refuse to renew any permit, certificate, license, or similar grant relating to the operation of the Reorganized Debtors on
account of the filing or pendency of these Chapter 11 Cases or the consummation of the Sale Transaction contemplated by the Equity Purchase
Agreement and the Sale Transaction Documents.

 

13

 

 

36. 
Direction
to Release Liens
.
 Each of the Debtors’ creditors and any holder of a Lien or Claim are deemed to have released any Liens
or Claims held by such Person on the Acquired Companies’ Assets (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement), if any, and are authorized
and directed to take any such actions as may be reasonably requested by the Debtors to evidence the release of such Liens and Claims,
including the execution, delivery, and filing or recording of such releases as may be reasonably requested by the Debtors, Reorganized
Debtors, or the Buyer or as may be required in order to terminate any related financing statements, mortgages, mechanic’s liens,
or 
lis pendens
. If any Person that has filed financing statements, mortgages, mechanic’s liens, 
lis pendens
, or other
documents or agreements evidencing Liens and Claims against the Acquired Companies’ Assets has not delivered to the Debtors prior
to the Closing, in proper form for filing and executed by the appropriate parties, as applicable, termination statements, instruments
of satisfaction, or releases of all Liens or Claims which the Person has with respect to the Debtors or the Acquired Companies’
Assets, then (i) the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors and the Buyer are all hereby authorized, directed and granted power of attorney
to execute and file such statements, instruments, or releases on behalf of the Person with respect to the Acquired Companies’ Assets
and (ii) the Buyer is hereby authorized to file, register, or otherwise record a certified copy of this Confirmation Order, which,
once filed, registered or otherwise recorded, shall constitute conclusive evidence of the release of all such Liens and Claims. This Confirmation
Order is deemed to be in recordable form sufficient to be placed in the filing or recording system of each and every federal, state, or
local government agency, department, or office.

 

37. On
the Closing Date, this Confirmation Order shall be considered and constitute for any and all purposes a full and complete sale and transfer
of the Reorganized Equity Interests, vesting good and marketable, indefeasible title and interest in all of the Reorganized Equity Interests
to the Buyer with such effect at Closing of the Sale Transaction in accordance with the Sale Transaction Documents.

 

38. To
the maximum extent available under applicable law and to the extent provided for under the Sale Transaction Documents, the Reorganized
Debtors shall be authorized, as of the Effective Date, to operate under any license, permit, certificate, registration, and governmental
authorization or approval of the Debtors and, to the maximum extent available under applicable law and to the extent provided for under
the Sale Transaction Documents, all such licenses, permits, certificates, registrations, and governmental authorizations and approvals
are deemed to have been assumed by, or transferred to, the Reorganized Debtors as of the Effective Date. All existing licenses and permits
applicable to the business shall remain in place for the Reorganized Debtors’ benefit until, to the extent necessary under applicable
law following the deemed assumption or transfer of licenses or permits, either new licenses and permits are obtained or existing licenses
and permits are transferred in accordance with applicable administrative procedures.

 

39. 
No
Successor or Other Derivative Liability
.
 By virtue of the Sale Transaction, the Plan Administrator Agreement, the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust Agreement, and the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement, the Buyer, the Reorganized Debtors, the Plan Administrator, the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust, and the Creditor Litigation Trustee, as applicable, and their Affiliates, successors and assigns shall not be deemed
or considered to: (i) be a legal successor, or otherwise be deemed a successor to the Debtors; (ii) have, 
de facto
 or otherwise,
merged with or into the Debtors; (iii) be consolidated with the Debtors or their Estates; or (iv) be an alter ego or a continuation
or substantial continuation, or be holding itself out as a mere continuation, of the Debtors or their Estates, businesses or operations,
or any enterprise of the Debtors, in each case by any law or equity, and the Buyer, the Reorganized Debtors, the Noteholder Direct Claims
Trust and the Creditor Litigation Trust, as applicable, have not assumed nor are in any way responsible for any liability or obligation
of the Debtors or the Debtors’ Estates (other than Assumed Liabilities and any allowed Cure Costs due and owing in an amount determined
following the resolution of any timely Cure Objection in accordance with paragraphs 45, 46, and 47 of this Confirmation Order, as applicable).
Except as expressly set forth in the Sale Transaction Documents, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement, or the Creditor Litigation
Trust Agreement, as applicable, the Buyer, the Reorganized Debtors, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and the Creditor Litigation Trustee,
as applicable, and their Affiliates, successors and assigns shall have no liability whatsoever, including but not limited to successor,
transferee or vicarious liability of any kind or character, including, without limitation, under any theory of foreign, federal, state
or local antitrust, environmental, successor, tax, ERISA, assignee or transferee liability, labor, product liability, employment, 
de
facto
 merger, substantial continuity, or other law, rule, regulation or doctrine, whether known or unknown as of the Closing Date,
now existing or hereafter arising, whether asserted or unasserted, fixed or contingent, liquidated or unliquidated with respect to the
Debtors or any obligations of the Debtors arising prior to the Effective Date, including, without limitation, liabilities on account of
any taxes or other Governmental Authority fees, contributions or surcharges, in each case arising, accruing or payable under, out of,
in connection with, or in any way relating to, the Debtors’ operations prior to the Closing Date or arising based on actions of
the Post-Effective Date Debtors taken after the Closing Date.

 

14

 

 

40. Except
as expressly provided in the Sale Transaction Documents, nothing in this Confirmation Order shall require the Buyer to (a) continue or
maintain in effect, or assume any liability in respect of any employee, pension, welfare, fringe benefit, or any other benefit plan, trust
arrangement, or other agreements to which the Sellers or their affiliates are a party or have any responsibility therefor including medical,
welfare, and pension benefits payable after retirement or other termination of employment, or (b) assume any responsibility as a fiduciary,
plan sponsor, or otherwise, for making any contribution to, or in respect of the funding, investment, or administration of any employee
benefit plan, arrangement, or agreement (including pension plans) or the termination of any such plan, arrangement, or agreement.

 

41. 
Not
an Insider
.
 As of the date hereof, the Plan Sponsor and the Buyer are not “insiders” or “affiliates” of
the Debtors, as those terms are defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and no common identity of incorporators, directors, or controlling stockholders
existed between the Debtors, on the one hand, and the Plan Sponsor or the Buyer, on the other.

 

42. 
Assumption
of Assumed Contracts
.
 The Reorganized Debtors are hereby authorized in accordance with sections 105(a) and 365 of the Bankruptcy
Code to assume the Assumed Contracts free and clear of all Claims (subject to payment of any allowed Cure Costs in respect of any particular
Assumed Contract due and owing in an amount determined following the resolution of any timely Cure Objection in accordance with paragraphs
45, 46, and 47 of this Confirmation Order). Upon the Effective Date, the Reorganized Debtors shall be fully and irrevocably vested with
all right, title, and interest of the Debtors in, to, and under the Assumed Contracts. The Reorganized Debtors acknowledge and agree that,
from and after the Effective Date, they shall comply with the terms of each Assumed Contract in their entirety, including, without limitation,
any indemnification obligations expressly contained in such Assumed Contract that could arise as a result of events or omissions that
occur from and after the Effective Date and any security deposit and/or maintenance reserve obligations pursuant to such Assumed Contracts.

 

43. To
the extent an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease is not listed on the List of Assumed Contracts, all such remaining Executory Contracts
and Unexpired Leases (the “
Rejected Contracts
”) shall be deemed rejected by the Debtors on the Effective Date, unless
such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease: (i) was previously assumed or rejected by the Debtors pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy
Court; (ii) previously expired or was terminated pursuant to its terms or by agreement of the parties thereto; (iii) is the subject of
a pending motion to assume or reject as of the Effective Date; (iv) is an Insurance Policy; or (v) is one in which any Bluestar Alliance
member is a counterparty.

 

44. 
Supplemental
Assumption and Cure Notice
.
 To the extent the Debtors file a supplemental Assumption and Cure Notice (“
Supplemental Assumption
and Cure Notice
”), (i) any objection with respect to the potential assumption of an additional Assumed Contract, or (ii) any
Cure Objection or objection with respect to the provision of adequate assurance of future performance of an additional Assumed Contract
(any such objection, an “
Adequate Assurance Objection
”) must be filed no more than ten (10) calendar days after service
of a Supplemental Assumption and Cure Notice.

 

45. 
Cure
Objections
.
 Pursuant to Section 9.04(e) of the Equity Purchase Agreement, if any Cure Objection (filed in connection with the
Assumption and Cure Notice or any Supplemental Assumption and Cure Notice) is not consensually resolved or finally determined by the Bankruptcy
Court prior to the effective date of the Plan with respect to any Assumed Contract, so long as the Reorganized Debtors consent to remain
responsible to satisfy the allowed Cure Costs, subject to entry by the Bankruptcy Court of the Confirmation Order, the Reorganized Debtors
may assume such Assumed Contract on the Effective Date of the Plan and upon either the consensual resolution or final determination by
the Bankruptcy Court of such cure objection in a form satisfactory to the Buyer, the Buyer shall promptly pay to such non-debtor counterparty
the allowed amount of the Cure Costs owing to such non-debtor counterparty with respect to such Assumed Contract.

 

46. Assumption
and payment of the Cure Costs shall be in full satisfaction and cure of any and all defaults (monetary and non-monetary) under the Assumed
Contracts and is deemed to fully satisfy the Reorganized Debtors’ obligations under sections 365(b) of the Bankruptcy Code. Upon
the assumption by the Reorganized Debtors of any Assumed Contract, and the payment of any applicable Cure Costs, each counterparty to
the Assumed Contracts is forever barred, estopped, and permanently enjoined from (i) asserting against the Reorganized Debtors or
the Buyer, their Affiliates, successors, or assigns, or the property of any of them, any default existing as of the Effective Date, and
(ii) exercising any rights or remedies against the Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer based on an asserted default that occurred on,
prior to, or as a result of, the Closing, including the type of default specified in section 365(b)(1)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code. The
Plan Sponsor and/or Buyer (as relevant) have provided adequate assurance of future performance under the Assumed Contracts within the
meaning of sections 365(b)(1)(c) of the Bankruptcy Code. Accordingly, all of the requirements of sections 365(b) of the Bankruptcy Code
have been satisfied for the assumption by the Reorganized Debtors of each of the Assumed Contracts.

 

15

 

 

47. To
the extent a counterparty to an Assumed Contract fails to timely object to a Cure Cost, such Cure Cost has been and shall be deemed to
be finally determined and any such counterparty shall be prohibited from challenging, objecting to, or denying the validity and finality
of the Cure Cost at any time. Consistent with the Bidding Procedures Order, the counterparty to an Assumed Contract is forever bound by
the applicable Cure Cost and, upon payment of such Cure Cost as provided herein and in the Equity Purchase Agreement, is hereby enjoined
from taking any action against the Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer with respect to any Claim for cure under the Assumed Contract. To
the extent no timely Cure Objection or Adequate Assurance Objection has been filed and served with respect to an Assumed Contract, the
counterparty to such Assumed Contract is deemed to have consented to the assumption of the Assumed Contract.

 

48. 
Ipso
Facto Clauses
.
 The Assumed Contracts shall be assumed by, and remain in full force and effect for the benefit of, the Reorganized
Debtors in accordance with their respective terms, including all rights of the Debtors under the Assumed Contracts, notwithstanding any
provision in any Assumed Contract (including, without limitation, those of the type described in sections 365(e)(1) of the Bankruptcy
Code) that prohibits, restricts, or conditions such assumption, including any provision that prohibits or conditions the assumption of
an Assumed Contract or allows the counterparty thereto to terminate, recapture (including through any reversionary interest), impose any
penalty, condition on renewal or extension, or modify any term or condition upon such assumption, which shall constitute an unenforceable
anti-assumption provision that is void and of no force and effect. There shall be no, and all counterparties to any Assumed Contract are
forever barred and permanently enjoined from raising or asserting against the Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer, as applicable, any, default,
breach, termination, reversion, Claim, penalty, pecuniary loss, rent or other acceleration of amount due thereunder, escalation, assignment
fee, increase, or any other fee charged to the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, or the Buyer as a result of (i) the Debtors’
financial condition, bankruptcy, or failure to perform any of its obligations under the relevant Assumed Contracts, or (ii) the assumption
of the Assumed Contracts.

 

49. The
failure of the Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer to enforce at any time one or more terms or conditions of any of the Assumed Contracts
shall not be a waiver of such terms or conditions, or of the Reorganized Debtors’ and the Buyer’s rights to enforce every
term and condition of the Assumed Contracts.

 

50. 
Statutory
Mootness
.
 The transactions contemplated by the Sale Transaction Documents are undertaken by the Buyer without collusion and in
good faith, and were negotiated by the parties thereto and the Plan Sponsor at arm’s-length and, accordingly, the reversal or modification
on appeal of the authorization of the Sale Transaction provided herein shall neither affect the validity of the Sale Transaction nor the
sale and transfer of the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer free and clear of Claims, unless such authorization is duly stayed
before the Effective Date pending such appeal. The Debtors and the Buyer will be acting in good faith if they proceed to consummate the
Sale Transaction at any time after entry of this Confirmation Order.

 

51. 
No
Avoidance of Equity Purchase Agreement
.
 Neither the Debtors nor the Buyer or the Plan Sponsor have engaged in any conduct that
would cause or permit the Equity Purchase Agreement to be avoided or costs or damages to be imposed. Accordingly, the Equity Purchase
Agreement and the Sale Transaction shall not be avoidable under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code, and no party shall be entitled to any
damages or other recovery under the Bankruptcy Code in respect of the Equity Purchase Agreement or the Sale Transaction.

 

52. 
Modification
of Equity Purchase Agreement
.
 Subject to the terms of the Sale Transaction Documents, such Sale Transaction Documents, including
the Equity Purchase Agreement, and any related agreements, documents, or other instruments, may be modified, amended, or supplemented
by the parties thereto, in accordance with, and subject to, the terms thereof, without further order of this Court; 
provided
, 
that
,
any such modification, amendment or supplement does not materially change the terms of the Sale Transaction Documents or have any adverse
effect on the Debtors’ Estates.

 

53. 
Waiver
of Bankruptcy Rules 6004(h) and 6006(d)
.
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Bankruptcy Rules 6004(h) and 6006(d) or any applicable
provisions of the Local Rules of Bankruptcy Practice and Procedure of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware,
this Confirmation Order shall not be stayed after the entry hereof, but shall be effective and enforceable immediately upon entry, and
the 14-day stay provided in Bankruptcy Rules 6004(h) and 6006(d) is hereby expressly waived and shall not apply. Time is of the essence
in consummation of the Sale Transaction and the Debtors and the Buyer intend to consummate the Sale Transaction as soon as practicable
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent to the closing thereon. Any party objecting to this Confirmation Order
must exercise due diligence in filing an appeal and pursuing a stay within the time prescribed by law and prior to the Closing or risk
its appeal will be foreclosed as moot.

 

16

 

 

54. 
Binding
Effect of this Confirmation Order
. The terms and provisions of the Equity Purchase Agreement and this Confirmation Order shall
be binding in all respects upon, or shall inure to the benefit of, the Debtors, their Estates and creditors, the Reorganized Debtors,
the Post-Effective Date Debtor, the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Buyer and its Affiliates, successors, and assigns, and any affected third
parties, including all Persons asserting Claims, notwithstanding any subsequent appointment of any trustee, examiner, or receiver under
any chapter of the Bankruptcy Code or any other law, and all such provisions and terms shall likewise be binding on such trustee, examiner,
or receiver and shall not be subject to rejection or avoidance by the Debtors, their Estates, their creditors, or any trustee, examiner,
or receiver. Any trustee appointed for the Debtors under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code, whether the Debtors are proceeding under
chapter 7 or chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, shall be authorized and directed to (i) operate the business of the Debtors to the
fullest extent necessary to permit compliance with the terms of the Sale Transaction Documents and (ii) perform under the Sale Transaction
Documents without the need for further order of this Court. 

 

55. 
Conflicts;
Precedence
.
 In the event that there is a direct conflict between the terms of this Confirmation Order and the terms of (i) the
Plan, (ii) the Sale Transaction Documents or (iii) any other order of this Court, the terms of this Confirmation Order shall control.
Nothing contained in any chapter 11 plan confirmed in these Chapter 11 Cases, or any order confirming such plan, shall conflict with or
derogate from the provisions of the Sale Transaction Documents or the terms of this Confirmation Order and, to the extent that there is
any conflict among them, the terms of the Sale Transaction Documents and/or this Confirmation Order, as applicable, shall control.

 

56. 
Provisions
Non-Severable
.
 The provisions of this Confirmation Order are nonseverable and mutually dependent.

 

Rejected Contracts 

 

57. In
the event that the rejection of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease under the Plan results in damages to the other party or parties
to such contract or lease, any Claim for such damages shall be classified and treated in Class 4 (General Unsecured Claims) under the
Plan. Such Claim shall be forever barred and shall not be enforceable against the Debtors, the Debtors’ Estates or the Post-Effective
Date Debtor, unless a proof of Claim is filed in accordance with the Bar Date Order, by thirty (30) days after the filing and service
of the notice of the occurrence of the Effective Date. 
FAILURE TO FILE AND SERVE SUCH PROOF OF CLAIM TIMELY AND PROPERLY SHALL RESULT
IN SUCH CLAIM BEING FOREVER BARRED AND DISCHARGED. IF, FOR ANY REASON, ANY SUCH CLAIM IS INCAPABLE OF BEING FOREVER BARRED AND DISALLOWED,
THEN THE HOLDER OF SUCH CLAIM SHALL IN NO EVENT HAVE RECOURSE TO ANY PROPERTY TO BE DISTRIBUTED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN AND SHALL BE SUBJECT
TO THE INJUNCTION.

 

Administrative Claims

 

58. Except
as otherwise provided in the Bar Date Order or the Plan, requests for payment of Administrative Claims (other than 503(b)(9) Claims, which
are subject to the General Bar Date, Professional Fee Claims and the Claims of Governmental Units arising under section 503(b)(1)(B),
(C) or (D) of the Bankruptcy Code) must be filed no later than the Administrative Expense Claims Date (
i.e., 
thirty (30) days after
the Effective Date) with the Court and served on the Post-Effective Date Debtor and the Reorganized Debtors. Such proof of Administrative
Claim must include at a minimum: (i) the name of the holder of the Administrative Claim; (ii) the asserted amount of the Administrative
Claim; (iii) the basis of the Administrative Claim; and (iv) supporting documentation for the Administrative Claim. 
FAILURE TO
FILE AND SERVE SUCH PROOF OF ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIM TIMELY AND PROPERLY SHALL RESULT IN SUCH CLAIM BEING FOREVER BARRED AND DISALLOWED.
IF FOR ANY REASON ANY SUCH ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIM IS INCAPABLE OF BEING FOREVER BARRED AND DISALLOWED, THEN THE HOLDER OF SUCH CLAIM SHALL
NOT HAVE RECOURSE TO ANY PROPERTY TO BE DISTRIBUTED PURSUANT TO THE PLAN AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE INJUNCTION.

 

17

 

 

United States
Securities and Exchange Commission

 

59. Notwithstanding
any language to the contrary contained in the Disclosure Statement, the Plan and/or the Confirmation Order, no provision of the Plan or
the Confirmation Order shall (i) preclude the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (“
SEC
”) from enforcing
its police or regulatory powers; or, (ii) enjoin, limit, impair or delay the SEC from commencing or continuing any claims, causes of action,
proceedings or investigations against any person or entity in any forum that is not a debtor (or successor in interest to debtor).

 

60. Upon
the occurrence of the Effective Date, the Debtors’ books and records shall be transferred to the Post-Effective Date Debtor or the
Buyer, as applicable, which shall preserve all books, records, electronically stored information, and other documents that are currently
in the Debtors’ possession for a the period ending on the earlier of (a) five (5) years following the Closing Date (as defined in
the Equity Purchase Agreement) or (b) the Wind-Up Date (as defined in the Equity Purchase Agreement); 
provided
, 
however
,
that any books and records related to the Retained Causes of Action (the “
RCA Books and Records
”) are Creditor Litigation
Trust Assets and shall be transferred to the Creditor Litigation Trust within a reasonable time after the Effective Date; provided that,
to the extent such RCA Books and Records cannot be transferred exclusively to the Creditor Litigation Trust without impairing the Reorganized
Debtors’ business or without undue burden, the Creditor Litigation Trust shall be provided copies of such RCA Books and Records
and nothing herein shall diminish any of the Creditor Litigation Trust’s rights to the Debtors’ books and records, including
but not limited to, RCA Books and Records set forth in the Plan. The Post-Effective Date Debtor and the Buyer shall not destroy or otherwise
abandon any documents or records during the period ending on the five-year anniversary of the Closing Date (as defined in the Equity Purchase
Agreement) without providing advance notice to the SEC (c/o William M. Uptegrove, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 950 E. Paces
Ferry Road, Suite 900, Atlanta, GA 30326, uptegrovew@SEC.GOV) and seeking further authorization from this Court. Nothing in the Plan or
Confirmation Order shall affect the obligations of the Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor, the Buyer, and/or any transferee or custodian
to maintain all books and records that are subject to any governmental subpoena, document preservation letter, or other investigative
request from a governmental agency.

 

Texas Comptroller
of Public Accounts

 

61. Notwithstanding
anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall not release or discharge any entity, other than the Debtors, the Post-Effective Date
Debtor or Reorganized Debtors, from any liability owed to the Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts (the “
Texas Comptroller
”)
for a tax debt, including interest and penalties on such tax.  This provision is not admission by any party that such liability exists.

 

62. Notwithstanding
anything in the Plan to the contrary, the Plan shall not limit the Texas Comptroller’s setoff rights under 11 U.S.C. § 553.
This provision is not admission by any party that such setoff rights exist.

 

63. Pursuant
to 11 U.S.C § 503(b)(1)(D), the Texas Comptroller shall not be required to file any proof of claim or other request for payment of
a post-petition tax to receive payment for any liability described in section 503(b)(1)(B) and (C) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

64. A
failure by the Reorganized Debtors to make a payment to the Texas Comptroller pursuant to the terms of the Plan shall be an event of default. 
Subject to applicable law, if the Reorganized Debtors fail to cure an event of default as to tax payments within ten (10) calendar days
after service of written notice of default from the Texas Comptroller, the Texas Comptroller may (a) enforce the entire amount of its
claim (to the extent not previously discharged or released pursuant to this Confirmation Order), (b) exercise all rights and remedies
under applicable nonbankruptcy law, and (c) seek such relief as may be appropriate in this Court.  Notice of the default shall be
served by first class mail upon the Reorganized Debtors at:  105 E. 34th St., Suite 137, New York, NY  10016, Attn:  Chief
Executive Officer, and upon the Reorganized Debtors’ attorney at Choate, Hall & Stewart LLP, Two International Place, Boston,
MA  02110, (Attn: John F. Ventola (jventola@choate.com) and Hampton Foushee (hfoushee@choate.com)).  The Reorganized Debtors
shall be allowed to cure up to two (2) defaults.  Upon a third default, the Texas Comptroller, at its option, may declare the default
non-cureable and proceed to collect the remainder of the debt.

 

18

 

 

United States

 

65. Notwithstanding
any provision to the contrary in the Plan, the Plan Supplement, this Confirmation Order or any implementing Plan documents (collectively,
“
Documents
”):

 

a. As
to the United States, nothing in the Documents shall: (1) discharge, release, enjoin, impair or otherwise preclude (a) any liability to
the United States that is not a “claim” within the meaning of section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) any claim of the
United States arising after the Effective Date, or (c) any liability of any entity or person under police or regulatory statutes or regulations
to the United States as the owner, lessor, lessee or operator of property or rights to property that such entity owns, operates or leases
after the Effective Date; (2) release, nullify, preclude or enjoin the enforcement of any police or regulatory power; (3) confer jurisdiction
to the Court with respect to the claims, liabilities and Causes of Action of the United States, except to the extent set forth in 28 U.S.C.
§ 1334 (as limited by any other provisions of the United States Code); (4) release, enjoin, impair or discharge any non-Debtor
from any claim, liability, suit, right or Cause of Action of the United States; (5) affect any setoff or recoupment rights of the United
States and such rights are preserved; (6) require the United States to file an administrative claim in order to receive payment for any
liability described in Section 503(b)(1)(B) and (C) pursuant to Section 503(b)(1)(D) of the Bankruptcy Code; (7) constitute an approval
or consent by the United States without compliance with all applicable legal requirements and approvals under non-bankruptcy law; (8)
be construed as a compromise or settlement of any liability, claim, Cause of Action or interest of the United States; (9) modify the scope
of Section 502 of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to the claims of the United States; or (10) exculpate the Debtors or any non-Debtor
except as provided by section 1125(e) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

b. Liens
securing claims of the United States shall be retained until the claim, with interest, is paid in full. Administrative expense claims
of the United States allowed pursuant to the Plan or the Bankruptcy Code shall be paid in accordance with section 1129(a)(9)(A) of the
Bankruptcy Code and accrue interest and penalties as provided by non-bankruptcy law until paid in full. Priority Tax Claims of the United
States allowed pursuant to the Plan or the Bankruptcy Code will be paid in accordance with section 1129(a)(9)(C) of the Bankruptcy Code.
To the extent allowed Priority Tax Claims (including any penalties, interest, or additions to tax entitled to priority under the Bankruptcy
Code) are not paid in full in cash on the Effective Date, then such Priority Tax Claims shall accrue interest commencing on the Effective
Date at the rate set forth in Section 511 of the Bankruptcy Code. Moreover, nothing shall affect a release, injunction or otherwise preclude
any claim whatsoever against any Debtor or any of the Debtors’ Estates by or on behalf of the United States for any liability arising
a) out of pre-petition or post-petition tax periods for which a return has not been filed or b) as a result of a pending audit or audit
that may be performed with respect to any pre-petition or post-petition tax period. Further, nothing shall enjoin the United States from
amending any claim against any Debtor or any of the Debtors’ Estates with respect to any tax liability a) arising out of pre-petition
or post-petition tax periods for which a tax return has not been filed or b) from a pending audit or audit that may be performed with
respect to any pre-petition or post-petition tax period. Any liability arising a) out of pre-petition or post-petition tax periods for
which a return has not been filed or b) as a result of a pending audit or audit which may be performed with respect to any pre-petition
or post-petition tax period shall be paid in accordance with 1129(a)(9)(A) and (C) of the Bankruptcy Code. Without limiting the foregoing
but for the avoidance of doubt, nothing contained in the Documents shall be deemed to bind the United States to any characterization of
any transaction for tax purposes or to determine the tax liability of any person or entity, including, but not limited to, the Debtors
and the Debtors’ Estates, nor shall the Documents be deemed to have determined the federal tax treatment of any item, distribution,
or entity, including the federal tax consequences of this Plan, nor shall anything in the Documents be deemed to have conferred jurisdiction
upon the Court to make determinations as to federal tax liability and federal tax treatment except as provided under Section 505 of the
Bankruptcy Code.

 

Karen Kane

 

66. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary in the Plan, the Plan Supplement, or this Confirmation Order, the Debtors’ assumption and assignment of
(i) the Yotpo Master SAAS Agreement (Karen Kane) (including all amendments, modifications, and supplements thereto, the “
Yotpo
Agreement
”), and (ii) the Master Services Agreement, Amendments and Statement of Work (including all amendments, modifications,
and supplements thereto, the “
MSA
,” and, together with the Yotpo Agreement, the “
Karen Kane Agreements
”),
entered into with or for the benefit of Karen Kane, Inc. (“
Karen Kane
”), shall only be effective upon the payment of
all pre- and post-petition amounts owing and/or accrued under the Karen Kane Agreements as of the Effective Date and as agreed to by the
parties (the “
Karen Kane Cure Payments
”); 
provided that
 (a) such Karen Kane Cure Payments may be made in the
ordinary course of business, unless otherwise agreed to by Karen Kane, and (b) the parties shall continue performance under the Karen
Kane Agreements in the ordinary course; 
provided further that
 all parties’ rights are reserved in the event that the Karen
Kane Cure Payments are not made in the ordinary course.  Upon the payment of the Karen Kane Cure Payments, the Karen Kane Agreements
shall be deemed to have been assumed by and assigned to the Reorganized Debtors as of the Effective Date pursuant to section 365 of the
Bankruptcy Code without further notice or order of the Court; 
provided that
 the Reorganized Debtors and Karen Kane may, but are
not required to, file a notice or certification of counsel with the Court reflecting the assumption and assignment of the Karen Kane Agreements
as contemplated herein.  
Karen Kane, Inc.’s Limited Objection to Notice of Cure Costs and Potential Assumption and Assignment
of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases in Connection with Proposed Chapter 11 Plan and/or Sale of Substantially All of the Debtors’
Assets
 [Docket No. 248] is resolved.

 

19

 

 

 
Miscellaneous

 

67. 
Notice
of Entry of Confirmation Order and Effective Date
. The form of notice of entry of this Confirmation Order and the Effective Date,
attached hereto as 
Exhibit B
 (the “
Effective Date Notice
”), provides adequate and reasonable notice
and is hereby approved. On or within five business days of the Effective Date, the Post-Effective Date Debtor shall file and serve the
Effective Date Notice on the following parties: (i) all parties listed in the creditor matrix maintained by Donlin, Recano & Company,
Inc. and (ii) such additional Persons and entities as deemed appropriate by the Debtors. The Debtors shall also cause the Effective Date
Notice to be served on the End Users via electronic mail in accordance with the 
Final Order (I) Authorizing the Debtors to (A) File
and Maintain Consolidated Creditor Lists, and (B) Redact Certain Personal Identification Information for Individuals, (II) Approving Special
Electronic Noticing Procedures, and (III) Granting Related Relief
 [Docket No. 147].

 

68. 
Post-Effective
Date Service
. Except as otherwise provided in the Plan or this Confirmation Order, notice of all subsequent pleadings in the Chapter
11 Cases after the Effective Date shall be limited to the following parties: (i) the Post-Effective Date Debtor and its counsel, (ii)
the Plan Administrator and its counsel, (iii) the Reorganized Debtors and their counsel, (iv) the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and its
counsel, (v) the Creditor Litigation Trust and its counsel, (vi) the U.S. Trustee, and (vii) any party known to de directly affected by
the relief sought.

 

69. 
Waiver
of Stay
. Notwithstanding Bankruptcy Rules 3020(e)
, 6004(h) and 6006(d)
,
the terms and conditions of this Confirmation Order will be effective and enforceable immediately upon its entry.

 

70. 
Retention
of Jurisdiction
. This Court retains jurisdiction, to interpret, implement, and enforce the terms and provisions of this Confirmation
Order and the Sale Transaction Documents, including the Equity Purchase Agreement, all amendments thereto, and any waivers and consents
thereunder.

 

20

 

 

Exhibit A

 

Plan

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

IN
the UNITED STATES BANKRUPTCY COURT

FOR THE DISTRICT OF DELAWARE

 

 

)

 

In re:

)

Chapter 11

 

)

 

Nogin, Inc.
,
 
et al.
,

)

Case No. 23-11945 (CTG)

 

)

 

 

Debtors.
1

)

(Jointly Administered)

 

)

 

 

FIRST AMENDED JOINT CHAPTER 11 PLAN 

OF 
NOGIN,
INC. AND ITS DEBTOR AFFILIATES

 

RICHARDS, LAYTON & FINGER, P.A.

Daniel J. DeFranceschi

John H. Knight

Michael J. Merchant

David T. Queroli

Matthew P. Milana

One Rodney Square

920 N. King Street

Wilmington, Delaware 19801

Telephone: (302) 651-7700

Facsimile: (302) 651-7701 

 

Attorneys for Debtors

and Debtors in Possession
 

 

Dated:

March 26, 2024

Wilmington, Delaware

 

 

 

 

 

1
The Debtors in these chapter 11 cases and the last four digits
of their respective federal tax identification number are: Nogin, Inc. (0703); Nogin Commerce, Inc. (0719); Native Brands Group LLC (0504).
The mailing address for the Debtors is 105 E. 34th St., Suite 137, New York, NY 10016.

 

 

 

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

 

 

Page

Article I. DEFINED TERMS, RULES OF INTERPRETATION, COMPUTATION OF TIME, AND GOVERNING LAW

1

 

A.

Defined
Terms

1

 

B.

Rules of Interpretation

20

 

C.

Computation of Time

20

 

D.

Governing Law

21

 

E.

Reference to Monetary Figures

21

 

F.

Reference to the Debtors

21

 

G.

Controlling Document

21

 

 

 

 

Article II. ADMINISTRATIVE AND PRIORITY CLAIMS

21

 

A.

Administrative Claims

21

 

B.

Professional Fee Claims

22

 

C.

Priority Tax Claims

24

 

D.

DIP Claims

24

 

E.

Indenture Trustee Fees and Expenses

25

 

F.

Consenting Noteholder Group Advisors Fees and Expenses

25

 

 

 

 

Article III. CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS

25

 

A.

Summary of Classification

25

 

B.

Treatment of Claims and Interests

26

 

C.

Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims

29

 

D.

Confirmation Pursuant to Section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy
Code

29

 

E.

Controversy Concerning Impairment

29

 

 

 

 

Article IV. MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN

29

 

A.

Plan Implementation

29

 

B.

Liabilities, Obligations, or Claims

31

 

C.

Sources of Consideration for Plan Distributions

31

 

D.

Reorganized Equity Interests

31

 

E.

Plan Securities and Related Documentation; Exemption from
Securities Laws

31

 

F.

Creditor Litigation Trustee and Creditor Litigation
Trust

32

 

G.

Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee and Noteholder Direct Claims
Trust

33

 

H.

Debtor Liquidating Trustee and Debtor Liquidating Trust

34

 

I.

Plan Administrator

36

 

i

 

 

 

J.

Cancellation of Existing Interests, Indebtedness, and Other
Obligations

37

 

K.

Corporate Action

38

 

L.

Effectuating Documents; Restructuring Transactions

38

 

M.

Exemption from Certain Taxes and Fees

40

 

N.

Insurance Policies

40

 

O.

Expedited Tax Determination of the Debtors

41

 

P.

Actions Required from Debtors’ Insiders and Affiliates
to Exempt Themselves from Receiving a Recovery on Account of Senior Note Claims

41

 

Q.

Consolidation of the Debtors for Plan Purposes

41

 

 

 

 

Article V. TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES

42

 

A.

General Treatment

42

 

B.

Cure of Defaults for Assumed Executory Contracts and Unexpired
Leases

43

 

C.

Rejection Damages Claims

44

 

D.

Modifications, Amendments, Supplements, Restatements, or
Other Agreements

44

 

E.

Reservation of Rights

45

 

 

 

 

Article VI. PROVISIONS GOVERNING DISTRIBUTIONS

45

 

A.

Distribution Date

45

 

B.

Rights and Powers of Distribution Agent

45

 

C.

Delivery of Distributions and Undeliverable or Unclaimed
Distributions

46

 

D.

Compliance with Tax and Other Requirements

47

 

E.

Allocations

48

 

F.

No Postpetition Interest on Claims

48

 

G.

Setoffs and Recoupment

48

 

H.

Claims Paid or Payable by Third Parties

49

 

 

 

 

Article VII. PROCEDURES FOR RESOLVING CONTINGENT, UNLIQUIDATED, AND DISPUTED CLAIMS

49

 

A.

Claims and Interests Administration Responsibilities

49

 

B.

Estimation of Claims

50

 

C.

Adjustment to Claims Register Without Objection

50

 

D.

Time to File Objections to Claims

50

 

E.

Disallowance of Claims

51

 

F.

Late Claims

51

 

G.  

 
Distributions After Allowance; Disputed Claims Reserve

51

 

ii

 

 

Article VIII. SETTLEMENT, RELEASE, INJUNCTION, AND RELATED PROVISIONS

51

 

 

 

 

A.

Vesting of Assets

51

 

B.

Binding Effect

52

 

C.

Compromise and Settlement of Claims, Interests, and Controversies

52

 

D.

Discharge of Claims and Termination of Interests

52

 

E.

Releases

53

 

F.

Exculpation

54

 

G.

Injunction

55

 

H.

Subordination Rights

56

 

I.

Release of Liens

56

 

 

 

 

Article IX. CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CONSUMMATION OF THE PLAN

57

 

 

 

 

A.

Conditions Precedent to Effective Date

57

 

B.

Waiver of Conditions

58

 

C.

Substantial Consummation

58

 

D.

Effect of Non-Occurrence of Conditions to the Effective
Date

58

 

 

 

 

Article X. MODIFICATION, REVOCATION, OR WITHDRAWAL OF THE PLAN

58

 

 

 

 

A.

Modification and Amendments

58

 

B.

Effect of Confirmation on Modifications

59

 

C.

Revocation or Withdrawal of the Plan

59

 

 

 

 

Article XI. RETENTION OF JURISDICTION

59

 

 

 

Article XII. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

61

 

 

 

 

A.

Payment of Statutory Fees

61

 

B.

Plan Supplement

62

 

C.

Immediate Binding Effect

62

 

D.

Additional Documents

62

 

E.

Reservation of Rights

63

 

F.

Service of Documents

63

 

G.

Term of Injunctions or Stays

65

 

H.

Entire Agreement

65

 

I.

Nonseverability of Plan Provisions

65

 

J.

Dissolution of Committee

65

 

iii

 

 

INTRODUCTION

 

Nogin, Inc., Nogin Commerce,
Inc., and Native Brands Group LLC jointly propose the following 
First Amended Joint Chapter 11 Plan of Nogin, Inc. and Its Debtor Affiliates.

Although proposed jointly for administrative purposes, this Plan constitutes a separate Plan for each Debtor for the resolution of outstanding
Claims against and Interests in each Debtor pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code (as defined below). The Debtors are the proponents of this
Plan within the meaning of section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code. Reference is made to the Disclosure Statement (as such term is defined
herein and distributed contemporaneously herewith) for a discussion of the Debtors’ history, business, results of operations, historical
financial information, and projections, and for a summary and analysis of this Plan, the treatment provided for herein and certain related
matters. Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined shall have the respective meanings ascribed to such terms in 
Article I.A

of the Plan.

 

Article
I.

DEFINED TERMS, RULES OF INTERPRETATION,

COMPUTATION OF TIME, AND GOVERNING LAW

 

A.
Defined Terms

 

As used in the Plan, capitalized
terms have the meanings set forth below.

 

1. 
Ad
Hoc Committee of Noteholders
 means the ad hoc committee of Consenting Noteholders advised by the Consenting Noteholder Group Advisors,
each of whom is a signatory to the Restructuring Support Agreement.

 

2. 
Administrative
Claim
 means a Claim for costs and expenses of administration of the Debtors’ Estates pursuant to sections 503(b) or 507(b) of
the Bankruptcy Code, including (i) the actual and necessary costs and expenses incurred after the Petition Date and through the Effective
Date of preserving the Estates and operating the business of the Debtors; and (ii) Professional Fee Claims.

 

3. 
Administrative
Claims Bar Date
 means the date that is thirty (30) days following the Effective Date, except as specifically set forth in 
Article
II.A
.

 

4. 
Affiliate

has the meaning ascribed to such term set forth in Bankruptcy Code section 101.

 

5. 
Allowed

means with respect to any Claim: (i) a Claim that is evidenced by a Proof of Claim filed by the Claims Bar Date in accordance with
the Claims Bar Date Order (or a Claim for which a Proof of Claim is not or shall not be required to be filed pursuant to the Plan, the
Bankruptcy Code or a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court); (ii) a Claim that is listed in the Schedules, if any, as not contingent, not
unliquidated, and not disputed, and for which no Proof of Claim, as applicable, has been timely filed; (iii) a Claim Allowed pursuant
to the Plan or a Final Order; or (iv) a Claim that is estimated under section 502(c) of the Bankruptcy Code and Allowed in such estimated
amount pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court for purposes of distribution; 
provided, that
, with respect to a Claim described
in clauses (i) and (ii) above, such Claim shall be considered Allowed only if and to the extent that no objection to the allowance of
such Claim has been interposed within the applicable period of time fixed by the Plan, the Bankruptcy Code, the Bankruptcy Rules, or the
Bankruptcy Court, or, if such an objection has been so interposed, then only if and to the extent that such Claim has been Allowed by
a Final Order; 
provided, further, that
, unless expressly waived by the Plan, the Allowed amount of a Claim shall be subject to
and shall not exceed the limitations or maximum amounts permitted by the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 502 or 503 of the Bankruptcy
Code, to the extent applicable.

 

1

 

 

6. 
Allowed
Senior Notes Claim
 means an Allowed Claim on account of the Senior Notes as set forth in 
Article III.B.3.b
.

 

7. 
Alternative
Restructuring
 means any sale, assignment, assumption and assignment of Executory Contracts or Unexpired Leases, abandonment, disposition,
new-money investment, restructuring, reorganization, merger, amalgamation, acquisition, consolidation, dissolution, debt investment, equity
investment, liquidation, tender offer, recapitalization, plan of reorganization, share exchange, business combination, capital structure
inconsistent with the Restructuring Term Sheet, or similar transaction involving any one or more Debtors, or any portion of any of their
assets, in each case in whole or in part, or the debt, equity, or other interests in any one or more Debtors. For the avoidance of doubt,
an Asset Sale Transaction or a Sale Transaction involving a Buyer other than the Plan Sponsor or its designee shall constitute an Alternative
Restructuring for purposes of determining the Net Cash Proceeds available for the Senior Note Cash Recovery.

 

8. 
Asset

means all of the right, title, and interest of any of the Debtors in and to property of whatever type or nature (including, without limitation,
real, personal, mixed, intellectual, tangible, and intangible property).

 

9. 
Asset
Purchase Agreement
 means an agreement to purchase substantially all of the Assets of the Debtors.

 

10. 
Asset
Sale Transaction
 means the sale of substantially all of the Assets of the Debtors to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the
Asset Sale Transaction Documents.

 

11. 
Asset
Sale Transaction Documents
 means the Asset Purchase Agreement and any and all related agreements and schedules in connection therewith.

 

12. 
Assumption
Dispute
 means a pending objection relating to assumption of an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease pursuant to section 365 of the
Bankruptcy Code.

 

13. 
Assumption
Notice
 means any notice filed pursuant to the Bidding Procedures Order related to the potential assumption and assignment of Executory
Contracts or Unexpired Leases.

 

14. 
Auction

shall have the meaning set forth in the Bidding Procedures.

 

15. 
Avoidance
Actions
 means any and all actual or potential Claims and Causes of Action to avoid a transfer of property or an obligation incurred
by the Debtors arising under chapter 5 of the Bankruptcy Code, including sections 502(d), 542, 544, 545, 547, 548, 549, 550, 551, 552,
and 553(b) of the Bankruptcy Code, and applicable non-bankruptcy law.

 

2

 

 

16. 
Back-Up
Bidder
 shall have the meaning set forth in the Bidding Procedures.

 

17. 
Bankruptcy
Code
 means title 11 of the United States Code, 11 U.S.C. § 101, 
et seq.
, as amended from time to time, as applicable to
the Chapter 11 Cases.

 

18. 
Bankruptcy
Court
 means the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware having jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases, and, to
the extent any reference made under section 157 of title 28 of the United States Code is withdrawn or the Bankruptcy Court is determined
not to have authority to enter a Final Order on an issue, the unit of the District Court having jurisdiction over the Chapter 11 Cases
under section 151 of title 28 of the United States Code.

 

19. 
Bankruptcy
Rules
 means the Federal Rules of Bankruptcy Procedure, as applicable to the Chapter 11 Cases, promulgated under section 2075 of the
Judicial Code, chambers rules, and local bankruptcy rules of the Bankruptcy Court, in each case, as amended from time to time and applicable
to the Chapter 11 Cases.

 

20. 
Bidding
Procedures
 shall have the meaning set forth in the Bidding Procedures Order.

 

21. 
Bidding
Procedures Order
 means that certain 
Order (I) Establishing Bidding Procedures for the Solicitation of Alternative Transactions
to the Proposed Chapter 11 Plan, (II) Scheduling an Auction and Approving the Form and Manner of Notice Thereof, (III) Approving Assumption
and Assignment Procedures, (IV) Scheduling a Sale Hearing, (V) Approving the Form and Manner of Notice Thereof and (VI) Granting
Related Relief 
[Docket No. 162].

 

22. 
Bluestar
Alliance
 means a brand management company, which collectively includes, among other brands, but for purposes of this Plan shall only
include and refer to: (a) S&S Brand Holdings, LLC, (b) BKST Brand Holdings LLC, (c) BB Brand Holdings LLC, (d) Justice Brand Holdings,
LLC, and (e) HRLY Brand Holdings LLC, and each of the respective Affiliates.

 

23. 
Bridge
Loan Claims
 means the claims arising under the Bridge Loan provided by the Bridge Loan Agent, pursuant to the Bridge Loan Security
Agreement and evidenced by the Bridge Loan Promissory Note.

 

24. 
Bridge
Loan
 means the Debtors’ indebtedness evidenced by the Bridge Loan Promissory Note.

 

25. 
Bridge
Loan Agent
 means B. Riley Securities, Inc., in its capacity as agent and lender to the Bridge Loan.

 

26. 
Bridge
Loan Promissory Note
 means that certain Secured Promissory Note, dated as of November 16, 2023, by and among the Debtors and the Bridge
Loan Agent.

 

27. 
Bridge
Loan Security Agreement
 means that certain Security Agreement, dated as of November 16, 2023, by and among the Debtors and the Bridge
Loan Agent.

 

3

 

 

28. 
Business
Day
 means any day, other than a Saturday, Sunday, or “
legal holiday
” (as defined in Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a)), or
a day on which banking institutions in New York, New York are authorized by law or other governmental action to close.

 

29. 
Buyer

means (i) the Successful Bidder in the Notice of Auction Results or (ii) the Back-Up Bidder, if any, in the Notice of Auction Results,
as applicable. 

 

30. 
Cash

means the legal tender of the United States of America or the equivalent thereof.

 

31. 
Cash
Settlement Consideration
 means U.S. dollars in the amount of $15,500,000.

 

32. 
Cash
Settlement Differential
 means the positive difference, if any, resulting from the subtraction of (y) the Net Cash Proceeds from an
Alternative Restructuring, if any, which the Indenture Trustee receives for the benefit of the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims
from (z) the Cash Settlement Consideration.

 

33. 
Cause
of Action
 means controversies, liabilities, obligations, rights, suits, damages, judgments, claims, any right of setoff, counterclaim,
or recoupment, any claim for breach of contract or for breach of duties imposed by law or in equity, any claim or defense including fraud,
and any demands whatsoever, including Avoidance Actions, whether known or unknown, reduced to judgment, liquidated or unliquidated, fixed
or contingent, matured or unmatured, disputed or undisputed, secured or unsecured, whether assertable directly, indirectly, derivatively
or in any representative or other capacity, existing or hereafter arising, in law, equity, or otherwise, based in whole or in part upon
any act, failure to act, error, omission, transaction, occurrence or other event arising or occurring prior to the Petition Date or during
the course of the Chapter 11 Cases, including through the Effective Date.

 

34. 
Challenge

has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Final DIP Order.

 

35. 
Chapter
11 Cases
 means the cases under chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code commenced by the Debtors on the Petition Date in the Bankruptcy Court.

 

36. 
Claim

shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code, as against a Debtor.

 

37. 
Claims
Bar Date
 means the deadline for filing Proofs of Claim, as established by, and set forth in, the Claims Bar Date Order.

 

38. 
Claims
Bar Date Order
 means the 
Order Establishing Deadline for Filing Proofs of Claim and Approving the Form and Manner of Notice Thereof

[Docket No. 199].

 

39. 
Claims
Register
 means the official register of Claims maintained by Donlin, Recano & Company, Inc., as the claims, noticing, and solicitation
agent in the Chapter 11 Cases.

 

40. 
Class

means any group of Claims or Interests classified under the Plan pursuant to sections 1122 and 1123(a)(1) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

4

 

 

41. 
Confirmation
Date
 means the date upon which the Bankruptcy Court enters the Confirmation Order on the docket of the Chapter 11 Cases, within the
meaning of Bankruptcy Rules 5003 and 9021.

 

42. 
Confirmation
Hearing
 means the hearing held by the Bankruptcy Court to consider confirmation of the Plan pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy
Code.

 

43. 
Confirmation
Order
 means the order of the Bankruptcy Court confirming the Plan pursuant to section 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

44. 
Consenting
Noteholders
 means the members of the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders.

 

45. 
Consenting
Noteholder Group Advisors
 means counsel to the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders, Brown Rudnick LLP, and Delaware co-counsel, and financial
advisor to the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders, GLC Advisors & Co, LLC. 

 

46. 
Consenting
Noteholder Group Advisors Fees and Expenses
 means the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of each of the Consenting Noteholder
Group Advisors, which shall include, with respect to GLC Advisors & Co., LLC (“
GLC
”), only those fees and expenses
due to GLC pursuant to its engagement letter dated as of November 14, 2023, between GLC and the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders (the “
Engagement
Letter
”) as set forth in sections 2(a) and 2(b)(i) of the Engagement Letter and, with respect to the incentive fee set forth
in section 2(b)(ii) thereof, the incentive fee shall only qualify as Consenting Noteholder Group Advisors Fees in the amount equal to
10% of the aggregate Consideration paid by the Buyer (as defined in the Bidding Procedures) in excess of the aggregate Consideration offered
by the Stalking Horse Bidder (as defined in the Bidding Procedures) in its Stalking Horse Bid (as defined in the Bidding Procedures) that
opens the bidding process pursuant to the Bidding Procedures, provided that, in the event the Stalking Horse Bid is the only Qualified
Bid, no incentive fee shall be due and owing to GLC. For purposes of this definition, the term “Consideration” means Consideration
as defined in the Engagement Letter, but only to the extent that such Consideration is received by the Consenting Noteholders pursuant
to the Plan.

 

47. 
Contributing
Noteholders
 has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Article IV.G.2
 hereof. 

 

48. 
Creditors’
Committee
 means 
the statutory committee of unsecured creditors appointed by the U.S. Trustee in
the Chapter 11 Cases pursuant to section 1102 of the Bankruptcy Code. 
See
 Docket Nos. 81, 238 & 306. 

 

49. 
Creditors’
Committee Settlement 
has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
Article VIII.C
 hereof. 

 

50. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust 
means the trust established under the Plan in accordance with the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement.

 

5

 

 

51. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Agreement
 means the agreement establishing the Creditor Litigation Trust, as drafted by the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders
and in form and substance acceptable to the Debtors, the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders, the Creditors’ Committee, and the Plan
Sponsor, to be included in the Plan Supplement. 

 

52. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Additional Funding Amounts
 means subsequent amounts, if any, that one or more Senior Noteholders agree to advance
and do advance to the Creditor Litigation Trust in addition to and following the Creditor Litigation Trust Initial Funding Amount. For
the avoidance of doubt, no Senior Noteholder is obligated to advance any portion of the Creditor Litigation Trust Additional Funding Amount,
even if such Senior Noteholder advanced a portion of the Creditor Litigation Trust Initial Funding Amount, except as set forth in the
Funding Agreement or any amendments thereto.

 

53. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Assets
 shall consist of (a) the Retained Causes of Action, including any and all proceeds thereof, together with
all privileges related thereto (including, but not limited to, any lawyer client and work product privileges), (b) all Assets of the Estates
that are (i) not transferred to the Buyer, (ii) not transferred to the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s),
as applicable; (iii) not the Professional Fee Account nor the Tax Account, and (iv) not Distributed to Holders of Claims on the Effective
Date, (c) rights of access to all of the Debtors’ books and records relating to periods ending on or before the Effective Date,
and (d) the rights to any proceeds from any recovery under the D&O Liability Insurance Policies providing coverage for any Retained
Causes of Action. For the avoidance of doubt, any Assets required to be transferred to the Successful Bidder or Back-Up Bidder, if any,
pursuant to 
Article IV.A.1
 of the Plan shall not constitute Creditor Litigation Trust Assets; provided, however, that none of the
Retained Causes of Action nor any privileges or books and records related thereto shall be transferred to the Buyer.

 

54. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Beneficiaries
 means (i) all Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims (excluding the Debtors’ Chief Executive
Officer as of the Petition Date); and (ii) all Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims.

 

55. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests
 means the beneficial interests in the Creditor Litigation Trust to be issued to the Creditor
Litigation Trust Beneficiaries pursuant to this Plan in the same proportion that such beneficiaries hold the Allowed Senior Notes Claims
and Allowed General Unsecured Claims, each as of the Distribution Record Date.

 

56. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Expenses
 means any and all reasonable fees, costs, and expenses incurred by the Creditor Litigation Trust or the
Creditor Litigation Trustee on or after the Effective Date in connection with the administration of the Creditor Litigation Trust, including
without limitation administrative fees, attorneys’ and other professionals’ fees and expenses, compensation for the Creditor
Litigation Trustee as provided in the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement, insurance, taxes and other expenses, including any and all
amounts payable pursuant to the Funding Agreement, including as set forth in the Funding Agreement Memorandum.

 

57. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Initial Funding Amount
 means an amount of approximately $150,000, to be advanced by the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders
or a subset thereof pursuant to the Funding Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no Senior Noteholder is obligated to advance any portion
of the Creditor Litigation Trust Initial Funding Amount, except as set forth in the Funding Agreement. For the further avoidance of doubt,
neither the Debtors nor the Plan Sponsor shall have any obligation to provide funding for the Creditor Litigation Trust in addition to
the Senior Notes Cash Recovery. 

 

6

 

 

58. 
Creditor
Litigation Trustee
 means the Person designated by the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders to serve as Trustee of the Creditor Litigation
Trust, the identity of whom and the terms of his or her compensation shall be disclosed in the Plan Supplement.

 

59. 
D&O
Liability Insurance Policies
 means, collectively, all insurance policies (including any “tail policy”) for which any Debtor
is a named insured for current or former directors’, members’, managers’, and officers’ liability.

 

60. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust
 means the trust, if any, established under the Plan in accordance with the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement.

 

61. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Agreement
 means the agreement, if any, establishing the Debtor Liquidating Trust, as drafted by the Debtors and
in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders and the Plan Sponsor, to be included in the Plan Supplement.

 

62. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Assets
 shall consist of (a) the Debtor Liquidating Trust Initial Funding Amount and (b) all Assets not transferred
to the Buyer or the Creditor Litigation Trust. 

 

63. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Beneficiaries
 means all Holders of Allowed Claims, other than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims and Holders
of Allowed General Unsecured Claims. 

 

64. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Expenses
 means any and all reasonable fees, costs, and expenses incurred by the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the
Debtor Liquidating Trustee on or after the Effective Date in connection with the administration of the Debtor Liquidating Trust, including
without limitation administrative fees, attorneys’ and other professionals’ fees and expenses, compensation for the Debtor
Liquidating Trustee as provided in the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement, insurance, taxes and other expenses.

 

65. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Initial Funding Amount
 means, in the event the Debtor Liquidating Trust is formed, an amount to be determined by
the Debtors and consented to by the Plan Sponsor and disclosed in the Plan Supplement and which shall be satisfactory to the Plan Sponsor
and the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders, in the event the Debtor Liquidating Trust is formed. 

 

66. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trustee
 means the Person designated by the Debtors to serve as Trustee of the Debtor Liquidating Trust, the identity of
whom and the terms of his or her compensation shall be disclosed in the Plan Supplement and shall be satisfactory to the Plan Sponsor
and the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders.

 

67. 
Debtors

means Nogin, Inc., Nogin Commerce, Inc., and Native Brands Group LLC, the debtors and debtors in possession in the Chapter 11 Cases.

 

7

 

 

68. 
Definitive
Documents
 shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Restructuring Support Agreement.

 

69. 
DIP
Claims
 means the DIP Obligations.

 

70. 
DIP
Credit Agreement
 means that certain 
Superpriority Secured Priming Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement
 (as amended, supplemented,
or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof), dated as of December 7, 2023, which has been approved by
the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to the DIP Orders.

 

71. 
DIP
Credit Agreement Documents
 means the DIP Credit Agreement and all other agreements, documents, instruments and amendments related
thereto, including the DIP Orders and any guaranty agreements, pledge and collateral agreements, UCC financing statements or other perfection
documents, intercreditor agreements, subordination agreements, fee letters, and any other security agreements.

 

72. 
DIP
Lender
 means BRF Finance Co., LLC.

 

73. 
DIP
Loan
 means the loans incurred under the DIP Credit Agreement in an aggregate principal amount of up to $34,700,000, on the terms and
conditions set forth in the DIP Orders by and among the Debtors and the DIP Lender. 

 

74. 
DIP
Obligations
 means the “DIP Obligations” as defined in the DIP Orders.

 

75. 
DIP
Orders
 means the Interim DIP Orders and Final DIP Order.

 

76. 
Disallowed

means any Claim, or any portion thereof, that (i) has been disallowed by Final Order or settlement; (ii) is scheduled at zero or as contingent,
disputed, or unliquidated on the Schedules and as to which a Claims Bar Date has been established but for which no Proof of Claim has
been timely filed or deemed timely filed with the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to either the Bankruptcy Code or any Final Order of the Bankruptcy
Court, including the Claims Bar Date Order, or otherwise deemed timely filed under applicable law; or (iii) is not scheduled on the Schedules
and as to which a Claims Bar Date has been established but for which no Proof of Claim has been timely filed or deemed timely filed with
the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to either the Bankruptcy Code or any Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court, including the Claims Bar Date
Order, or otherwise deemed timely filed under applicable law.

 

77. 
Disclosure
Statement
 means the disclosure statement filed by the Debtors in support of the Plan, as amended, supplemented, or modified from time
to time, and including all annexes and appendices thereto, as approved by the Bankruptcy Court pursuant to section 1125 of the Bankruptcy
Code.

 

78. 
Disputed

means, with respect to a Claim, a Claim that is not yet Allowed or Disallowed.

 

8

 

 

79. 
Disputed
Claims Reserve
 means an amount of Cash which may be retained for the benefit of the Holders of Disputed Claims and agreed to by the
Plan Sponsor, which shall be in an amount equal to the Distributions, if any, such Holders of Disputed Claims would be entitled to receive
on the applicable Distribution Date if such Disputed Claims were Allowed in their full amounts on such date. The Disputed Claims Reserve
shall include any amounts sufficient to address any Claims subject to 
Article VII.E
, which are entitled to receive a Distribution
under this Plan. Such Cash may be held in a general account and is not required to be in a segregated account.

 

80. 
Distribution

means payment or distribution of consideration to Holders of Allowed Claims pursuant to the Plan.

 

81. 
Distribution
Agent
 means, with respect to any Distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims in accordance with the Plan (except with respect to Holders
of Allowed Professional Fees Claims, which shall be addressed under the Professional Fee Escrow Agreement and disbursed as and when due
by the Professional Fee Escrow Agent) (i) on the Effective Date, the Debtors or their designee; or (ii) after the Effective Date, (a)
with respect to the Debtor Liquidating Trust, the Debtor Liquidating Trustee or its designee, (b) with respect to the Post-Effective Date
Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator or its designee, and (c) with respect to the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Creditor Litigation Trustee
or its designee.

 

82. 
Distribution
Date
 means the Effective Date (or as soon as practicable thereafter) and with respect to any post-Effective Date Distributions, such
date as determined by the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the Debtor Liquidating Trustee or Plan Administrator, as applicable.

 

83. 
Distribution
Record Date
 means the Confirmation Date or such later date as may be agreed to by the Debtors, the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders
and the Indenture Trustee.

 

84. 
DTC

means The Depository Trust Company, a limited-purpose trust company organized under the New York State Banking Law.

 

85. 
Effective
Date
 means the date on which all conditions to the effectiveness of the Plan set forth in 
Article IX
 have been satisfied or
waived in accordance with the terms of the Plan.

 

86. 
Entity

shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(15) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

87. 
Equity
Interests
 means any Interest in the Debtors.

 

88. 
Equity
Purchase Agreement
 means the purchase agreement for the Reorganized Equity Interests.

 

89. 
Equity
Sale Transaction
 means the sale of the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer in accordance with the terms of the Equity Sale Transaction
Documents.

 

90. 
Equity
Sale Transaction Documents
 means the Equity Purchase Agreement and any and all related agreements and schedules in connection therewith.

 

91. 
Equivalent
Noteholder Treatment
 means treatment of Senior Notes Claims equivalent to or better than the treatment provided for such claims in
the Restructuring Term Sheet, inclusive of the Cash Settlement Consideration and the right to receive potential distributions from the
Creditor Litigation Trust.

 

9

 

 

92. 
Estate

means the estate of a Debtor created pursuant to section 541 of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

93. 
Estate
Cash
 means Cash in an amount equal to the Liability Payment Deductions. 

 

94. 
Excess
Recovery
 means, if the amount of the Senior Notes Recovery is greater than the amount of Allowed Senior Notes Claims, with interest
to the extent allowed by the Bankruptcy Code, the amount by which the Senior Notes Recovery exceeds the amount of Allowed Senior Notes
Claims.

 

95. 
Excluded
Liabilities
 shall have the meaning ascribed to the term in the Sale Transaction Documents.

 

96. 
Exculpated
Parties
 means, collectively, each of the following in their capacity as such, (i) the Debtors; (ii) Vladimir Kasparov, in his capacity
as Chief Restructuring Officer; (iii) Robin Chiu, in her capacity as Deputy Chief Restructuring Officer; (iv) the Creditors’ Committee
and each member thereof (solely in its capacity as such); (v) each individual who sat on the Creditors’ Committee on behalf of a
member (solely in their capacity as such); (vi) the Debtors’ directors, officers, and managers who served during any time between
the Petition Date and the Effective Date of the Plan; and (vii) all professionals retained by the Debtors or the Creditors’ Committee
in the Chapter 11 Cases.

 

97. 
Executory
Contract
 means a contract to which a Debtor is a party and that is subject to assumption or rejection under sections 365 or 1123 of
the Bankruptcy Code.

 

98. 
Final
DIP Order
 means the order approving the DIP Motion on a final basis, as amended by the 
Order (I) Authorizing and Approving the
Second Amendment to the DIP Credit Agreement and (II) Amending the Final DIP Order on Account of such Amendment 
[Docket No. 375].

 

99. 
Final
Order
 means an order or judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that has been entered on the docket maintained by the clerk
of such court, which has not been reversed, vacated, or stayed and as to which (i) the time to appeal, petition for certiorari, or move
for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing has expired and as to which no appeal, petition for certiorari, or other proceedings for a new
trial, reargument, or rehearing shall then be pending; or (ii) if an appeal, writ of certiorari, new trial, reargument, or rehearing thereof
has been sought, such order or judgment shall have been affirmed by the highest court to which such order was appealed, or certiorari
shall have been denied, or a new trial, reargument, or rehearing shall have been denied or resulted in no modification of such order,
and the time to take any further appeal, petition for certiorari or move for a new trial, reargument, or rehearing shall have expired;

provided, that
, no order or judgment shall fail to be a “Final Order” solely because of the possibility that a motion
under rules 59 or 60 of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure or any analogous Bankruptcy Rule (or any analogous rules applicable in another
court of competent jurisdiction) or sections 502(j) or 1144 of the Bankruptcy Code has been or may be filed with respect to such order
or judgment.

 

100. 
First
Interim DIP Order
 means that order entered at Docket No. 59 approving, on an interim basis, the DIP Motion.

 

10

 

 

101. 
Funding
Agreement 
means that agreement, if any, to be entered into between certain members of the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders and the
Creditor Litigation Trust to provide the Creditor Litigation Trust Initial Funding Amount and, as amended, any Creditor Litigation Trust
Additional Funding Amounts. 

 

102. 
Funding
Agreement Memorandum 
means that certain memorandum describing anticipated terms of the Funding Agreement, to be included in the Plan
Supplement.

 

103. 
General
Unsecured Claim
 means any Claim as of the Petition Date that is neither a Secured Claim nor entitled to priority under the Bankruptcy
Code or any Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court.

 

104. 
Governmental
Unit
 shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(27) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

105. 
Holder

means an Entity holding a Claim or an Interest, as applicable, solely in its capacity as such.

 

106. 
Impaired

means, with respect to a Claim, Interest, or Class of Claims or Interests, “impaired” within the meaning of section 1124 of
the Bankruptcy Code.

 

107. 
Indenture

means that certain 
Convertible Notes Indenture
, dated as of August 26, 2022, by and among the Debtors, as issuers or guarantors,
as applicable and named therein, and U.S. Bank, National Association, as trustee (as amended, supplemented, or superseded from time to
time).

 

108. 
Indenture
Trustee Fees and Expenses
 means the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee (including, but not limited
to, the fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee’s counsel, agents, and advisors (whether engaged individually or jointly with
the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders)). 

 

109. 
Indenture
Trustee
 means U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, the indenture trustee appointed under the Indenture in respect of the
Senior Notes. 

 

110. 
Insider

has the meaning ascribed to such term set forth in Bankruptcy Code section 101.

 

111. 
Interest

means any common stock, limited liability company interest, equity security (as defined in section 101(16) of the Bankruptcy Code), equity,
ownership, profit interests, unit, or share in any Debtor (including all options, warrants, rights, or other securities or agreements
to obtain such an interest or share in such Debtor), whether or not arising under or in connection with any employment agreement and whether
or not certificated, transferable, preferred, common, voting, or denominated “stock” or a similar security, including any
Claim subordinated pursuant to section 510(b) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

112. 
Interim
DIP Orders
 means the First and Second Interim DIP Orders entered at Docket Nos. 59 and 185, respectively, approving, on an interim
basis, the DIP Motion.

 

11

 

 

113. 
IRS

means the Internal Revenue Service.

 

114. 
Insurance
Policies 
means collectively, all insurance policies, issued at any time, under which a Debtor is an insured party (including all related
agreements, documents, and instruments), including, but not limited to, any D&O Liability Insurance Policies.

 

115. 
Judicial
Code
 means title 28 of the United States Code, 28 U.S.C. §§ 1–4001, as now in effect or hereafter amended, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

 

116. 
Lien

shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(37) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

117. 
“
Liability
Payment Deductions
” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Equity Purchase Agreement.

 

118. 
List
of Assumed Contracts
 means the list of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases to be assumed and assigned in connection with a Sale
Transaction consummated pursuant to the Plan, to be included in the Plan Supplement. 

 

119. 
Net
Cash Proceeds
 means (i) Sale Transaction Proceeds, less (ii) Cash retained (a) to pay Holders of Allowed Administrative Claims, Professional
Fee Claims, Priority Tax Claims, Priority Non-Tax Claims, and Secured Claims, (b) for the Disputed Claims Reserve (if any) established
in regard to any of the foregoing types of Claims, and (c) for the Debtor Liquidating Trust Initial Funding Amount or the Post-Effective
Date Debtor Initial funding Amount, as applicable.

 

120. 
Noteholder
Direct Claim 
means any claim or cause of action belonging to any Senior Noteholder arising from or related to (i) that certain Convertible
Note Subscription Agreement dated April 19, 2022, between Nogin Inc. (formerly known as Software Acquisition Group Inc. III) as issuer
and the subscribers and guarantors party thereto; (ii) that certain Indenture dated August 26, 2022 between and among Software Acquisition
Group III, certain guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee and Collateral Agent, and any
supplements or amendments thereto; (iii) the Merger Agreement
2
;
(iv) the Business Combination
3
; and/or (v) the Debtors’
principals, provided that neither the Senior Notes Claims nor any Claim against one or more Debtors shall be a Noteholder Direct Claim.

 

121. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust 
means the trust established in accordance with the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement.

 

122. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Agreement
 means the agreement establishing the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, as drafted by the Ad Hoc Committee
of Noteholders, to be included in the Plan Supplement. 

 

123. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Assets
 shall consist of (a) Noteholder Direct Claims, if any, contributed by one or more Senior Noteholders pursuant
to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement, including any and all proceeds thereof, together with all privileges related thereto
(including, but not limited to, any attorney client and work product privileges); and (b) the rights to any proceeds from any recovery
under the D&O Liability Insurance Policies providing coverage for any Noteholder Direct Claims.

 

 

2
As defined in the Declaration of Vladimir Kasparov in Support
of Debtors’ Chapter 11 Petitions and First Day Motions [Docket No. 15] (the “Kasparov Declaration”)

3
As defined in the Kasparov Declaration.

 

12

 

 

124. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Beneficiaries
 means any Senior Noteholder that has contributed one or more Noteholder Direct Claims to the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust.

 

125. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Beneficial Interests
 means the beneficial interests in the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust to be issued to the
Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Beneficiaries.

 

126. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Expenses
 means (i) any and all reasonable fees, costs, and expenses incurred by the Noteholder Direct Claims
Trust or the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee on or after the Effective Date in connection with the administration of the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust, including without limitation administrative fees, attorneys’ and other professionals’ fees and expenses, compensation
for the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee as provided in the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement, insurance, taxes, and other expenses;
and (ii) any Trust Cooperation Payment. 

 

127. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trustee
 means the Person designated by the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders to serve as Trustee of the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust, the identity of whom and the terms of his or her compensation shall be disclosed in the Plan Supplement.

 

128. 
Notice
of Auction Results
 means the 
Notice of (I) Cancellation of Auction and (II) Successful Bid
 [Docket No. 295], (i) identifying
the Plan Sponsor (or its designee) as the Successful Bidder and the Buyer and (ii) providing notice of the cancellation of the Auction.

 

129. 
Other
Secured Claims
 mean all Secured Claims, other than the Senior Notes Claims.

 

130. 
Person

shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(41) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

131. 
Petition
Date
 means December 5, 2023.

 

132. 
Plan

means this joint chapter 11 plan, including all appendices, exhibits, schedules, and supplements hereto (including any appendices, schedules,
and supplements to the Plan contained in the Plan Supplement), as the same may be amended, supplemented, or modified from time to time
in accordance with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, and the terms hereof.

 

13

 

 

 

133. 
Plan
Administrator
 means the Person designated by the Debtors to serve as Plan Administrator, the identity of whom and the terms of his
or her compensation shall be disclosed in the Plan Supplement and shall be satisfactory to the Plan Sponsor and the Ad Hoc Committee of
Noteholders.

 

134. 
Plan
Administrator Agreement
 means the agreement between the Debtors and the Plan Administrator, as drafted by the Debtors and in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders and the Plan Sponsor, to be included in the Plan Supplement.

 

135. 
Plan
Administrator Expenses
 means any and all reasonable fees, costs, and expenses incurred by the Plan Administrator on or after the Effective
Date in connection with the administration of the Plan, including without limitation administrative fees, attorneys’ and other professionals’
fees and expenses, compensation for the Plan Administrator as provided in the Plan Administrator Agreement, insurance, taxes and other
expenses.

 

136. 
Plan
Sponsor
 means B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC.

 

137. 
Plan
Sponsor Excusal Condition 
has the meaning set forth in the Restructuring Support Agreement. 

 

138. 
Plan
Supplement
 means a supplemental appendix to the Plan containing, among other things, forms of applicable documents, schedules, and
exhibits to the Plan to be filed with the Bankruptcy Court in one or more filings, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) the
Equity Purchase Agreement or Asset Purchase Agreement, as applicable, and any necessary documentation related to the Sale Transaction;
(ii) the List of Assumed Contracts; (iii) the list of Retained Causes of Action; (iv) the identity and terms of compensation of the
Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee; (v) the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement; (vi) the identity and terms of compensation of
the Creditor Litigation Trustee; (vii) the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement; (viii) the identity and terms of compensation of
the Debtor Liquidating Trustee or the Plan Administrator, as applicable; (ix) the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement or the Plan
Administrator Agreement, as applicable; (x) the Restructuring Steps Memorandum; (xi) the Funding Agreement Memorandum; and (xii) the Transaction
Identification Notice; 
provided, that
, through the Effective Date, the Debtors shall have the right to amend the documents contained
in the Plan Supplement with the consent of the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders and the Plan Sponsor in accordance with the terms of the
Plan and to the extent provided in the RSA, including pursuant to 
Article X 
of this Plan. 

 

139. 
Post-Effective
Date Debtor
 means Nogin, Inc., from and after the Effective Date, in the event that Reorganized Nogin’s Reorganized Equity Interests
are not purchased, or if Nogin Inc.’s Assets are purchased, pursuant to the Sale Transaction Documents.

 

140. 
Post-Effective
Date Debtors
 means one or more of the Debtors, from and after the Effective Date, in the event that such Debtors’ Assets are
sold pursuant to an Asset Sale Transaction, or their Reorganized Equity Interests are not purchased. 

 

141. 
Post-Effective
Date Assets
 shall consist of (a) the Post-Effective Date Debtor Initial Funding Amount and (b) all Assets not transferred to the Buyer
or the Creditor Litigation Trust, in the event a Plan Administrator is appointed.

 

14

 

 

142. 
Post-Effective
Date Debtor Initial Funding Amount
 means, in the event a Plan Administrator is appointed, an amount to be determined by the Debtors
and consented to by the Plan Sponsor and disclosed in the Plan Supplement and which shall be satisfactory to the Plan Sponsor and the
Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders.

 

143. 
Prerequisite
Condition
 shall have the meaning set forth in 
Article IX.A
.

 

144. 
Priority
Non-Tax Claim
 means any Claim other than an Administrative Claim or a Priority Tax Claim that is entitled to priority in payment as
specified in section 507(a) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

145. 
Priority
Tax Claim
 means any Claim of a Governmental Unit of the kind entitled to priority in payment under sections 502(i) and 507(a)(8) of
the Bankruptcy Code.

 

146. 
Pro
Rata
 means, as applicable, the proportion that an Allowed Claim or Interest in a particular Class bears to the aggregate amount of
Allowed Claims or Interests in that Class, or the proportion that Allowed Claims or Interests in a particular Class bear to the aggregate
amount of Allowed Claims and Disputed Claims or Allowed Interests and Disputed Interests in the group of Classes entitled to share in
the same recovery as such Class under the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, as applied to the Allowed Senior Notes Claims, Pro Rata means
the same proportion that the beneficial holders of such Allowed Senior Notes Claim held the Allowed Senior Notes Claims as of the Distribution
Record Date (excluding the Debtors’ Chief Executive Officer as of the Petition Date).

 

147. 
Professional
Fee Account
 means a segregated escrow account established and funded pursuant to 
Article II.B.2
.

 

148. 
Professional
Fee Escrow Agent 
means the escrow agent for the Professional Fee Account.

 

149. 
Professional
Fee Escrow Agreement
 means the agreement regarding the Professional Fee Account.

 

150. 
Professional
Fee Claims
 means all Claims for Professional Fees incurred on or after the Petition Date through the Effective Date.

 

151. 
Professional
Fee Claims Estimate
 means the aggregate unpaid Professional Fee Claims through the Effective Date as estimated in accordance with

Article II.B.3
.

 

152. 
Professional
Fees
 means fees and expenses (including transaction and success fees) incurred by an Entity employed by the Debtors or Creditors’
Committee pursuant to a Bankruptcy Court order in accordance with sections 327, 363, or 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code for services rendered
before or on the Effective Date, pursuant to sections 327, 328, 329, 330, 331, or 363 of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

153. 
Proof
of Claim
 means a proof of Claim filed in the Chapter 11 Cases.

 

154. 
Purchaser
Parent
 shall have the meaning set forth in Equity Purchase Agreement.

 

155. 
Reinstate,
Reinstated, or Reinstatement
 means to render a Claim Unimpaired under the Plan.

 

15

 

 

156. 
Related
Party
 means with respect to any Released Party, such Entity’s predecessors, successors and assigns, subsidiaries, Affiliates,
managed accounts or funds, all of its and their respective current and former officers, directors, managers, committee members, principals,
stockholders (and any fund managers, fiduciaries or other agents of stockholders with any involvement related to the Debtors), members,
partners, employees, agents, trustees, advisory board members, advisors, attorneys, accountants, actuaries, investment bankers, consultants,
representatives, management companies, fund advisors and other professionals or advisors, and such Persons’ respective heirs, executors,
estates, servants and nominees.

 

157. 
Released
Parties 
means (i) the Debtors and their Estates; (ii) the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s); (iii) the Plan Administrator; (iv) Reorganized
Debtors, (v) B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC and its Affiliates, (vi) Bluestar Alliance, (vii) the Consenting Noteholders and any
other direct or beneficial holder of the Senior Notes (except the Debtors’ Chief Executive Officer holding Senior Notes), (viii)
Brown Rudnick LLP; (ix) the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as the Indenture Trustee for the Senior Notes and its counsel, Shipman &
Goodwin LLP, (x) Creditor Litigation Trust, (xi) Creditor Litigation Trustee, (xii) Noteholder Direct Claims Trust; (xiii) Noteholder
Direct Claims Trustee; (xiv) Debtor Liquidating Trust, (xv) Debtor Liquidating Trustee (xvi), Richards, Layton & Finger, P.A., (xvii)
Livingstone Partners, LLC, (xviii) Triple P RTS, LLC, (xix) Vladimir Kasparov, in his capacity as Chief Restructuring Officer, (xx) Robin
Chiu, in her capacity as Deputy Chief Restructuring Officer, (xxi) Donlin, Recano & Company, Inc., (xxii) the Creditors’ Committee
and each member thereof (solely in their capacity as such), (xxiii) Morris James LLP, (xxiv) Lowenstein Sandler LLP, (xxv) Dundon Advisers
LLC and (xxvi) the Related Parties of the foregoing (except for the Debtors); 
provided, however
, 
that
, notwithstanding the
foregoing, no current or former Affiliate, or Insider of the Debtors will be a Released Party unless consented to in writing by the Required
Consenting Noteholders, and 
provided further, however, that 
the attorneys, accountants, investment bankers, consultants and other
professionals of the Debtors and the other Persons specifically named in this definition shall be Released Parties. Additionally, notwithstanding
anything contained herein to the contrary, no current or former Affiliate or Insider of the Debtors may become a Released Party unless
consented to in writing by the Required Consenting Noteholders if such status as a Released Party is solely due to its being a Related
Party of the Reorganized Debtors. 

 

158. 
Releasing
Parties 
means, collectively, (i) the holders of all Claims that are Unimpaired under the Plan and have not formally or informally
objected in writing to the Plan, (ii) B. Riley Principal Investments, LLC and its Affiliates, (iii) Bluestar Alliance, (iv) the Consenting
Noteholders, (v) the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as the Indenture Trustee for the Senior Notes, (vi) Creditor Litigation Trust,
(vii) Creditor Litigation Trustee, (viii) Debtor Liquidating Trust, (ix) Debtor Liquidating Trustee, (x) the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s);
(xi) the Plan Administrator (xii) the Senior Noteholders who are not Consenting Noteholders that (a) vote to accept the Plan and do not
affirmatively opt-out of the Releases by Releasing Parties on the ballot to solicit acceptances of the Plan, (b) vote to reject the Plan
and do not affirmatively opt-out of the Releases by Releasing Parties on the ballot to solicit acceptances of the Plan, or (c) abstain
from voting on the Plan and do not affirmatively opt-out of the Releases by Releasing Parties on the ballot to solicit acceptances of
the Plan; 
provided, however
, that any Person or Entity in a voting class whose solicitation package was returned as undeliverable
shall not be a Releasing Party; 
provided, further, however, 
that in the event any Senior Noteholder that is not a Consenting Noteholder
elects to opt out of the Releases by Releasing Parties, such opt-out is only effective as to the Senior Noteholder that elects to opt-out,
and any Senior Noteholder that is not a Consenting Noteholder that has affirmatively elected to opt out of the Releases by Releasing Parties
shall otherwise be unaffected by the Indenture Trustee being a Releasing Party; 
provided, further, however
 that any releases provided
by the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Creditor Litigation Trustee or any direct or beneficial holder of the Senior Notes shall not be
with respect to, and shall have no adverse effect on their rights to prosecute, any Retained Causes of Action transferred to the Creditor
Litigation Trust or any direct claims which a direct or beneficial holder of the Senior Notes may have against an Insider or Affiliate
of the Debtors who is not a Released Party. For the avoidance of doubt, the Consenting Noteholders shall be deemed to have provided the
Releases by Releasing Parties in accordance with the RSA notwithstanding any Consenting Noteholder’s affirmative opt-out on the
ballot to solicit acceptances of the Plan. 

 

16

 

 

159. 
Reorganized
Equity Interests
 means the Interests in the Reorganized Debtors.

 

160. 
Reorganized
Debtors
 means, upon consummation of the Equity Sale Transaction on the Effective Date of the Plan, Nogin Commerce, Inc., and Native
Brands Group LLC, each as reorganized pursuant to and under the Plan; provided that if the Buyer in an Alternative Restructuring purchases
the Reorganized Equity Interests in Reorganized Nogin, then for purposes of the Plan, the term Reorganized Debtors shall also encompass
Reorganized Nogin. 

 

161. 
Reorganized
Nogin
 means Nogin, Inc. in the event that the Buyer in an Alternative Restructuring purchases the Reorganized Equity Interests of
Nogin, Inc. issued pursuant to and under the Plan. 

 

162. 
Required
Consenting Noteholders
 means, as of the relevant date, Consenting Noteholders holding at least two-thirds (66 2/3%) of the aggregate
principal amount of the Senior Notes Claims and over fifty percent (50%) in number of the aggregate total number of Senior Notes Claims.

 

163. 
Restructuring
Support Agreement
 means that certain Restructuring Support Agreement, dated November 16, 2023, by and between the Debtors, the Plan
Sponsor, and the Consenting Noteholders.

 

164. 
Restructuring
Term Sheet
 means that certain term sheet attached to the Restructuring Support Agreement as 
Exhibit B
.

 

165. 
Restructuring
Steps Memorandum
 means the memorandum to be included in the Plan Supplement that identifies the transaction steps necessary to consummate
the Sale Transaction.

 

166. 
Restructuring
Transactions
 shall have the meaning set forth in 
Article IV.L
.

 

167. 
Retained
Causes of Action
 means all claims and causes of action belonging to the Debtors, including, but not limited to, any and all claims
and causes of action against their Insiders and Affiliates (and Related Parties of each, unless otherwise released herein) and any Avoidance
Actions not sold pursuant to the Sale Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the Retained Causes of Action shall not include
the Causes of Action sold pursuant to the applicable Sale Transaction Document; 
provided, however
, that, except to the extent expressly
released under the Plan, all claims and causes of action against the Debtors’ Insiders and Affiliates (including, but not limited
to, any Avoidance Actions against them) shall not be sold pursuant to the applicable Sale Transaction Documents, but shall be retained
by the Debtors, and on the Effective Date, shall vest in the Creditor Litigation Trust.

 

17

 

 

168. 
Sale
Order
 means any order of the Court approving the sale of substantially all of the Debtors’ Assets. 

 

169. 
Sale
Transaction 
means a sale consummated pursuant to an Equity Sale Transaction or Asset Sale Transaction, as applicable.

 

170. 
Sale
Transaction Documents
 means, as applicable the Equity Purchase Agreement or Asset Purchase Agreement, and any and all related agreements
and schedules contemplated thereby. 

 

171. 
Sale
Transaction Proceeds
 means the net proceeds of any Equity Sale Transaction or Asset Sale Transaction, as applicable, which, in an
Alternative Restructuring must include cash proceeds or other consideration sufficient to satisfy all outstanding DIP Obligations, and
which shall be immediately applied on the Effective Date to indefeasibly pay in full in cash all outstanding DIP Obligations (unless otherwise
consented to by the DIP Agent).

 

172. 
Schedules

means, collectively, the schedules of assets and liabilities, schedules of Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases, and statements of
financial affairs filed by the Debtors pursuant to section 521 of the Bankruptcy Code, as the same may be amended, supplemented, or modified
from time to time.

 

173. 
Second
Interim DIP Order
 means that order entered at Docket No. 185 approving, on an interim basis, the DIP Motion.

 

174. 
Secured
Claim
 means a Claim (a) secured by a Lien on a Debtor’s interest in property to the extent of the value of such interest
as (i) set forth in the Plan, (ii) agreed to by the Holder of such Claim and the applicable Debtor, or (iii) determined by a Final Order
in accordance with section 506(a) of the Bankruptcy Code; or (b) secured by the amount of any right of setoff of the Holder thereof in
accordance with section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

175. 
Securities
Act
 means the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C. §§ 77a–77aa, as amended, together with the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

 

176. 
Security

shall have the meaning set forth in section 101(49) of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

177. 
Senior
Noteholders
 means holders of the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Claims.

 

178. 
Senior
Notes
 means the 7.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 issued pursuant to the Indenture.

 

18

 

 

179. 
Senior
Notes Adequate Protection Liens
 has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Final DIP Order. 

 

180. 
Senior
Notes Cash Recovery
 means the greater of the (a) Cash Settlement Consideration or (b) Net Cash Proceeds from an Alternative Restructuring.

 

181. 
Senior
Notes Claims
 means claims related to the Senior Notes arising under the Indenture in the aggregate amount of no less than $67,856,181,
which amount includes accrued but unpaid interest through the Petition Date.

 

182. 
Senior
Notes Recovery
 means the (a) Senior Notes Cash Recovery and (b) Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests entitling the holders
thereof to sixty percent (60%) of distributions of Creditor Litigation Trust Assets and the proceeds thereof, net of Creditor Litigation
Trust Expenses, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement and (c) the Pro Rata share of
any Trust Cooperation Payment(s) received by the Creditor Litigation Trust allocable to Holders of Senior Notes Claims, net of Creditor
Litigation Trust Expenses. 

 

183. 
Equity
Purchase Agreement 
means an agreement to purchase the Reorganized Equity Interests in the Reorganized Debtors, as contemplated under
the Bidding Procedures. 

 

184. 
Subsequent
Condition
 shall have the meaning set forth in 
Article IX.A
.

 

185. 
Successful
Bid
 shall have the meaning set forth in the Bidding Procedures.

 

186. 
Successful
Bidder
 shall have the meaning set forth in the Bidding Procedures. 

 

187. 
Tax
Account
 means a segregated escrow account established for satisfying Unknown Priority Tax Claims.

 

188. 
Tax
Account Escrow Agent 
means the escrow agent for the Tax Account.

 

189. 
Tax
Account Escrow Agreement
 means the agreement regarding the Tax Account.

 

190. 
Transaction
Identification Notice
 means the notice to be included in the Plan Supplement that identifies whether the Buyer will consummate an
Equity Sale Transaction or Asset Sale Transaction, and whether the Debtor Liquidating Trust will be formed or a Plan Administrator will
be appointed to carry out the duties ascribed thereto, as applicable, in accordance with the Plan. 

 

191. 
Trust
Cooperation Payment 
means any payment made from the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust to the Creditor Litigation Trust pursuant to any
cooperation agreement that may be entered into between the parties. 

 

192. 
Unknown
Priority Tax Claims
 shall have the meaning set forth in Equity Purchase Agreement. 

 

19

 

 

193. 
U.S.
Trustee
 means the Office of the United States Trustee for the District of Delaware.

 

194. 
Unexpired
Lease
 means a lease to which any of the Debtors are a party and that is subject to assumption or rejection under sections 365 or 1123
of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

195. 
Unimpaired

means, with respect to a Claim, Interest, or Class of Claims or Interests, not “impaired” within the meaning of section 1124
of the Bankruptcy Code.

 

196. 
Unsecured
Creditor Recovery Threshold 
means that the amount of Creditor Litigation Trust Assets and the proceeds thereof available for distribution
to Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims, pursuant to the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement, is greater than zero.

 

197. 
Unsecured
Creditor Recovery 
means (a) the Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests entitling the holders thereof to forty percent (40%)
of distributions of Creditor Litigation Trust Assets and the proceeds thereof, net of Creditor Litigation Trust Expenses, pursuant to
and in accordance with the terms of the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement and (b) the Pro Rata share of any Trust Cooperation Payment(s)
received by the Creditor Litigation Trust allocable to Holders of General Unsecured Claims.

 

B.
Rules of Interpretation

 

Unless otherwise specified,
all section or exhibit references in the Plan are to the respective section in, or exhibit to, the Plan, as the same may be amended, waived,
or modified from time to time. The words “herein,” “hereof,” “hereto,” “hereunder,” and
other words of similar import refer to the Plan as a whole and not to any particular section, subsection, or clause contained therein.
The headings in the Plan are for convenience of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. For purposes
herein: (a) in the appropriate context, each term, whether stated in the singular or the plural, shall include both the singular and the
plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, feminine, or neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine, and neuter gender; (b)
any reference herein to a contract, lease, instrument, release, indenture, or other agreement or document being in a particular form or
on particular terms and conditions means that the referenced document shall be substantially in that form or substantially on those terms
and conditions; (c) unless otherwise specified, all references herein to “Articles” are references to sections hereof or hereto;
(d) the rules of construction set forth in section 102 of the Bankruptcy Code shall apply; and (e) any term used in capitalized form herein
that is not otherwise defined but that is used in the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules shall have the meaning assigned to that
term in the Bankruptcy Code or the Bankruptcy Rules, as the case may be.

 

C.
Computation of Time

 

Unless otherwise specifically
stated herein, the provisions of Bankruptcy Rule 9006(a) shall apply in computing any period of time prescribed or allowed herein. If
the date on which a transaction may occur pursuant to the Plan is otherwise to occur on a day that is not a Business Day, then such transaction
shall instead occur on the next Business Day.

 

20

 

 

D.
Governing Law

 

Unless a rule of law or procedure
is supplied by federal law (including the Bankruptcy Code and Bankruptcy Rules) or unless otherwise specifically stated herein, the laws
of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflict of laws, shall govern the rights, obligations, construction,
and implementation of the Plan, any agreements, documents, instruments, or contracts executed or entered into in connection with the Plan
(except as otherwise set forth in those agreements, in which case the governing law of such agreement shall control); 
provided, that
,
company governance matters relating to the Debtors shall be governed by the laws of the state of their applicable formation.

 

E.
Reference to Monetary Figures

 

All references in the Plan
to monetary figures shall refer to currency of the United States of America, unless otherwise expressly provided herein.

 

F.
Reference to the Debtors

 

Except as otherwise specifically
provided in the Plan to the contrary, references in the Plan to the Debtors shall mean the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective
Date Debtor(s), and/or the Debtor Liquidating Trust, to the extent the context requires.

 

G.
Controlling Document

 

In the event of any conflict
between the terms and provisions in the Plan (without reference to the Plan Supplement) and the terms and provisions in the Disclosure
Statement, the Plan Supplement, any other instrument or document created or executed pursuant to the Plan, or any order (other than the
Confirmation Order) referenced in the Plan (or any exhibits, schedules, appendices, supplements, or amendments to any of the foregoing),
the Plan (without reference to the Plan Supplement) shall govern and control; 
provided, however, that
, in the event of a conflict
between the Confirmation Order and any of the Plan and the Plan Supplement, the Confirmation Order shall govern and control in all respects.

 

Article
II.

ADMINISTRATIVE AND PRIORITY CLAIMS

 

A.
Administrative Claims

 

Except with respect to Professional
Fee Claims and except to the extent that an Administrative Claim has already been paid during the Chapter 11 Cases or a Holder of an Allowed
Administrative Claim and the Debtors agree to less favorable treatment, each Holder of an Allowed Administrative Claim shall receive,
in full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for such Claim, payment in full in Cash,
or otherwise receive treatment consistent with the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code (i) on the Effective Date, if such Administrative
Claim is Allowed as of the Effective Date (or, if not then due, when such Allowed Administrative Claim is due or as soon as reasonably
practicable thereafter); or (ii) if such Administrative Claim is not Allowed as of the Effective Date, then within thirty (30) calendar
days after the date such Administrative Claim is Allowed; 
provided, that
, if an Allowed Administrative Claim arises from liabilities
incurred by the Debtors’ Estates in the ordinary course of business after the Petition Date, such Claim shall be paid in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the particular transaction giving rise to such Claim in the ordinary course.

 

21

 

 

Requests for payment of Administrative
Claims must be filed and served on (i) the Debtor Liquidating Trustee or the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), as applicable, and (ii) Reorganized
Debtors pursuant to the procedures specified in the Confirmation Order and the notice of entry of the Confirmation Order no later than
the Administrative Claims Bar Date; 
provided that
 the Administrative Claims Bar Date does not apply to Administrative Claims arising
in the ordinary course of business as conducted prior to the Petition Date.

 

HOLDERS OF ADMINISTRATIVE
CLAIMS THAT ARE REQUIRED TO, BUT DO NOT, FILE AND SERVE A REQUEST FOR PAYMENT OF SUCH ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS BY THE ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS
BAR DATE SHALL BE FOREVER BARRED, ESTOPPED, AND ENJOINED FROM ASSERTING SUCH ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSE CLAIMS AGAINST THE DEBTORS, THE REORGANIZED
DEBTORS, THE ESTATES, THE POST-EFFECTIVE DATE DEBTOR(S), THE BUYER, THE CREDITOR LITIGATION TRUST, THE CREDITOR LITIGATION TRUSTEE, THE
NOTEHOLDER DIRECT CLAIMS TRUST, THE NOTEHOLDER DIRECT CLAIMS TRUSTEE, THE DEBTOR LIQUIDATING TRUST, THE DEBTOR LIQUIDATING TRUSTEE OR
THE ASSETS OR PROPERTY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING, AND SUCH ADMINISTRATIVE CLAIMS SHALL BE DISCHARGED AS OF THE EFFECTIVE DATE. 

 

B.
Professional Fee Claims

 

1. 
Final
Fee Applications

 

All final requests for payment
of Professional Fee Claims must be filed with the Bankruptcy Court no later than the first Business Day that is forty-five (45) calendar
days after the Effective Date unless otherwise ordered by the Bankruptcy Court. Objections to any Professional Fee Claim must be filed
and served on counsel to the Debtors, the U.S. Trustee, and the Holder of such Professional Fee Claim no later than twenty-one (21) calendar
days after the filing of the final applications for compensation or reimbursement (unless otherwise agreed by the Debtors and the party
requesting compensation of a Professional Fee Claim).

 

2. 
Professional
Fee Account

 

As soon as reasonably practicable
after the Confirmation Date and no later than the Effective Date, the Debtors shall establish and fund the Professional Fee Account with
Cash equal to the Professional Fee Claims Estimate prior to making any Distributions under the Plan. No Liens, Claims, or Interests shall
encumber the Professional Fee Account in any way, and such account shall not be subject to the control of any party other than the Professional
Fee Escrow Agent. The Professional Fee Account (including funds held in the Professional Fee Account) (i) shall not be and shall not be
deemed property of the Debtors, the Estates, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor
Litigation Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor
Liquidating Trustee, or the Debtor Liquidating Trust and (ii) shall be held in trust for, and exclusively available for, the payment of
Professional Fees as they become Allowed and payable; 
provided, that
, funds remaining in the Professional Fee Account after all
Allowed Professional Fee Claims have been irrevocably paid in full, as acknowledged in writing by all applicable Professionals, shall
promptly be transferred to the Plan Sponsor, without the need for any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy
Court or any other Entity. Allowed Professional Fee Claims shall be paid in Cash by the Professional Fee Escrow Agent to such Professionals
from funds held in the Professional Fee Account when such Claims are Allowed by an order of the Bankruptcy Court; 
provided, that
,
Professional Fee Claims shall not be limited nor deemed to be limited in any way to the balance of funds held in the Professional Fee
Account and, to the extent any Allowed Professional Fee Claims remain unpaid after exhaustion of the Professional Fee Account, such remaining
Allowed Professional Fee Claims shall be paid by the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the Post-Effective Date Debtor, as applicable.

 

22

 

 

3. 
Professional
Fee Claims Estimate

 

No later than five (5) Business
Days prior to the Effective Date, Holders of Professional Fee Claims shall provide a reasonable, good faith estimate of unpaid Professional
Fee Claims incurred in rendering services to the Debtors on or before the Effective Date, including any fees and expenses projected to
be outstanding as of the Effective Date, and the Debtors shall fund the Professional Fee Account held by the Professional Fee Escrow Agent
with such estimated amounts for the benefit of the Holders of the Professional Fee Claims until the fee applications related thereto are
resolved by Final Order or agreement of the parties; 
provided, that
, such estimate shall not be deemed to limit the amount of fees
and expenses that are the subject of a Professional’s final request for payment of filed Professional Fee Claims. If a Holder of
a Professional Fee Claim does not provide such an estimate, the Debtors may estimate the unpaid and unbilled reasonable and necessary
fees and out-of-pocket expenses of such Holder of a Professional Fee Claim. When all such Allowed Professional Fee Claims have been paid
in full, as acknowledged in writing by all applicable Professionals, any remaining amount in the Professional Fee Account shall promptly
be transferred to the Plan Sponsor, without requiring any further action or order of the Bankruptcy Court.

 

4. 
Tax
Account

 

As soon as reasonably practicable
after the Confirmation Date and no later than the Effective Date, the Debtors shall establish and fund the Tax Account with Cash equal
to an amount reasonably expected to satisfy any Unknown Priority Tax Clams that be become Allowed Priority Tax or Administrative Claims,
if any and as applicable, in accordance with the Equity Purchase Agreement. No Liens, Claims, or Interests shall encumber the Tax Account
in any way, and such account shall not be subject to the control of any party other than the Tax Account Escrow Agent. The Tax Account
shall be held in trust for, and exclusively available for, the payment of Unknown Priority Tax Clams, if any, as they become Allowed and
payable; 
provided, that
, funds remaining in the Tax Account after payment of all Unknown Priority Tax Clams that become Allowed
Priority Tax or Administrative Claims, if any and as applicable, shall promptly be transferred to the Plan Sponsor, without the need for
any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court or any other Entity.

 

5. 
Post-Effective
Date Fees and Expenses

 

Except as otherwise specifically
provided in the Plan, on and after the Effective Date, the Distribution Agent shall, in the ordinary course of business and without the
need for any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court, pay in Cash the reasonable legal, professional,
or other fees and expenses related to implementation of the Plan. Upon the Effective Date, any requirement that professionals comply with
sections 327 through 331, 363, and 1103 of the Bankruptcy Code in seeking retention for services rendered after such date shall terminate,
and the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trustee or the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, as applicable, may employ any professional in the ordinary course of business
without the need for any further notice to or action, order, or approval of the Bankruptcy Court.

 

23

 

 

C.
Priority Tax Claims

 

Except to the extent that
a Priority Tax Claim has already been paid during the Chapter 11 Cases or a Holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim and the Debtors agree
to less favorable treatment, each Holder of an Allowed Priority Tax Claim shall receive, in full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement,
release, and discharge of and in exchange for such Claim, payment in full in Cash, or otherwise receive treatment consistent with the
provisions of the Bankruptcy Code (i) on the Effective Date, if such Priority Tax Claim is Allowed as of the Effective Date (or,
if not then due, when such Allowed Priority Tax Claim is due or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter) or (ii) if such Priority
Tax Claim is not Allowed as of the Effective Date, within thirty (30) calendar days after the date such Priority Tax Claim is Allowed.

 

D.
DIP Claims

 

All DIP Claims (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, the Bridge Loan Claims, as rolled-up under the DIP Orders) shall be deemed Allowed as of the Effective Date
in an amount equal to (a) the principal amount outstanding under the DIP Loan on such date, (b) all interest accrued and unpaid thereon
to the date of payment, and (c) any and all accrued and unpaid fees, expenses and indemnification obligations or other obligations of
any kind payable under the DIP Credit Agreement Documents.

 

To the extent the DIP Lender
is the Successful Bidder, the DIP Claims shall be deemed to be fully and finally satisfied by the issuance of the Reorganized Equity Interests
to the DIP Lender or an Affiliate thereof pursuant to the Equity Sale Transaction Documents and this Plan. In the event that the DIP Lender
is not the Successful Bidder, except to the extent that the DIP Lender, as the sole Holder of an Allowed DIP Claim, agrees to a less favorable
treatment, in full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release and discharge of, and in exchange for, each Allowed DIP Claim,
the DIP Lender shall receive indefeasible payment in full in Cash of such Holder’s Allowed DIP Claim on the Effective Date, which
Allowed amount shall not be subject to setoff, defense, counterclaim, recharacterization or avoidance.

 

Upon the indefeasible payment
or satisfaction in full in Cash, or other satisfactory treatment, of the DIP Claims (other than any DIP Claims based on the Debtors’
contingent obligations under the DIP Credit Agreement for which no claim has been made) in accordance with the terms of the Plan, on the
Effective Date, all Liens granted to secure the Allowed DIP Claims shall be automatically terminated and of no further force and effect
without any further notice to, or action, order, or approval of, the Court or any other Entity. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
herein or in the Confirmation Order, the Debtors’ contingent or unliquidated obligations under the DIP Credit Agreement, to the
extent not indefeasibly paid in full in Cash on the Effective Date or otherwise satisfied by the Debtors in a manner reasonably acceptable
to the DIP Lender, shall survive the Effective Date and shall not be released or discharged pursuant to the Plan or Confirmation Order,
notwithstanding any provision hereof or thereof to the contrary and, on and after the Effective Date, shall be satisfied by utilizing
funds in the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), as applicable.

 

24

 

 

E.
Indenture Trustee Fees and Expenses

 

On the later of the Effective
Date or five (5) Business Days following the receipt of an invoice, the Distribution Agent shall pay in full in Cash any Indenture Trustee
Fees and Expenses without the requirement for the filing of retention applications, fee applications, or any other applications in the
Chapter 11 Cases, and without any requirement for further notice or Bankruptcy Court review or approval. Such payments shall constitute
a Distribution on account of the Allowed Senior Notes Claim. The Indenture Trustee and its advisors shall provide to counsel to the Debtors
and counsel to the Buyer invoices for unpaid fees and expenses at least five (5) Business Days before, or as soon as practicable after,
the Effective Date.

 

F.
Consenting Noteholder Group Advisors Fees and Expenses

 

On the later of the Effective
Date or five (5) Business Days following the receipt of an invoice, the Distribution Agent shall pay in full in Cash any outstanding Consenting
Noteholder Group Advisors Fees and Expenses to the extent they have not been paid pursuant to the DIP Orders without the requirement for
the filing of retention applications, fee applications, or any other applications in the Chapter 11 Cases, and without any requirement
for further notice or Bankruptcy Court review or approval. Such payments shall constitute a Distribution on account of the Allowed Senior
Notes Claim. Each of the Consenting Noteholder Group Advisors shall provide to counsel to the Debtors and counsel to the Buyer invoices
for unpaid fees and expenses at least five (5) Business Days before, or as soon as practicable after, the Effective Date.

 

Article
III.

CLASSIFICATION AND TREATMENT OF CLAIMS AND INTERESTS

 

A.
Summary of Classification

 

All Claims and Interests,
except for Claims addressed in 
Article II
, are classified as set forth in this 
Article III
. A Claim or Interest is classified
in a particular Class only to the extent that the Claim or Interest qualifies within the description of that Class and is classified in
other Classes to the extent that any portion of the Claim or Interest qualifies within the description of such other Classes. A Claim
or Interest also is classified in a particular Class for the purpose of receiving Distributions pursuant to the Plan only to the extent
that such Claim is an Allowed Claim in that Class and has not been paid, released, or otherwise satisfied prior to the Effective Date.

 

1. 
Class
Identification

 

The classification of Claims
and Interests against the Debtors pursuant to the Plan is as follows:

 

Class

Designation

Treatment

Entitled to Vote

1

Priority Non-Tax Claims

Unimpaired

No (Presumed to Accept)

2

Other Secured Claims

Unimpaired

No (Presumed to Accept)

3

Senior Notes Claims

Impaired

YES

4

General Unsecured Claims

Impaired

No (Deemed to Reject)

5

Intercompany Claims

Unimpaired

No (Presumed to

Accept or Deemed to Reject)

6

Existing Equity Interests

Impaired

No (Deemed to Reject)

 

25

 

 

B.
Treatment
of Claims and Interests
4

 

1. 
Class
1 – Priority Non-Tax Claims

 

a.
Classification
: Class 1 consists of all Priority Non-Tax Claims.

 

b.
Treatment
: Except to the extent a Holder of an Allowed Priority Non-Tax
Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, on the later of (i) the Effective Date or (ii) the date such Priority Non-Tax Claim becomes
Allowed, or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, each Holder of an 
A
llowed Priority
Non-Tax Claim shall receive, in full and final satisfaction, compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for such
Claim, payment in full in Cash in an amount equal to the Allowed amount of such Claim.

 

c.
Voting
: Class 1 is Unimpaired under the Plan. Each Holder of an Allowed
Priority Non-Tax Claim is conclusively presumed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore,
Holders of Allowed Priority Non-Tax Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan, and the votes of such Holders shall
not be solicited with respect to Priority Non-Tax Claims.

 

2. 
Class
2 – Other Secured Claims

 

a.
Classification
: Class 2 consists of all Other Secured Claims.

 

b.
Treatment
: Except to the extent a Holder of an Allowed Other Secured
Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, on the later of (i) the Effective Date or (ii) the date such Other Secured Claim becomes Allowed,
or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, each Holder of an Allowed Other Secured Claim shall receive, in full and final satisfaction,
compromise, settlement, release, and discharge of and in exchange for such Claim, at the discretion of the Distribution Agent (x) payment
in full in Cash in an amount equal to the Allowed amount of such Claim; (y) such other treatment sufficient to render such Other Secured
Claim Unimpaired; or (z) return of the applicable collateral or authorization of a setoff in satisfaction of the Allowed amount of such
Other Secured Claim.

 

c.
Voting
: Class 2 is Unimpaired under the Plan. Each Holder of an Allowed
Other Secured Claim is conclusively presumed to have accepted the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore,
Holders of Allowed Other Secured Claims are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan, and the votes of such Holders shall not
be solicited with respect to Other Secured Claims.

 

 

 

4
For the avoidance of doubt, on the Effective Date, the treatment
proposed herein shall be binding on all Holders of Claims and/or Interests, regardless of whether such Holders of Claims and/or Interests
vote to accept the Plan or object to the Plan or any treatment hereunder.

 

26

 

 

3. 
Class
3 – Senior Notes Claims

 

a.
Classification
: Class 3 consists of all Senior Notes Claims.

 

b.
Allowance
: The Senior Notes Claims shall be Allowed in an amount
of no less than $67,856,181, which amount includes accrued but unpaid interest through the Petition Date.

 

c.
Treatment
: Except to the extent a Holder of an Allowed Senior Notes
Claim agrees to less favorable treatment, in full and final satisfaction of their Allowed Senior Notes Claims, on the Effective Date,
Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims shall receive: 

 

(i)
In the event that the Debtors pursue the transactions contemplated by the
Restructuring Support Agreement and embodied in the Restructuring Term Sheet, and the Buyer is the Plan Sponsor (or its designee) purchasing
the Reorganized Equity Interests pursuant to an Equity Purchase Agreement, Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims (other than the Debtors’
Chief Executive Officer as of the Petition Date) shall receive their Pro Rata share of the Senior Notes Recovery. 

 

(ii)
In the event that the Debtors pursue an Alternative Restructuring, whether
pursuant to an Equity Purchase Agreement or an Asset Purchase Agreement, whether pursuant to this Plan or a Sale Order, and the Buyer
is an entity other that the Plan Sponsor (or its designee), Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims (other than the Debtors’ Chief
Executive Officer as of the Petition Date) shall receive (i) the greater of their Pro Rata share of the (a) Cash Settlement Consideration
or (b) Net Cash Proceeds; 
provided
 that if the Alternative Restructuring does not provide Equivalent Noteholder Treatment, the
Restructuring Support Agreement has not been terminated pursuant to Section 13.01(g), (j) or (a) (resulting from a material breach by
the Required Consenting Noteholders or the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders acting at the direction of the Required Consenting Noteholders)
thereof and the Plan Sponsor Excusal Condition has not been satisfied, then, within 14 days after consummation of such Alternative Restructuring,
the Plan Sponsor shall pay the Cash Settlement Differential to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Holders of Allowed Senior
Notes Claims (other than the Debtors’ Chief Executive Officer as of the Petition Date); and (ii) their Pro Rata share of the Creditor
Litigation Trust Beneficial Interests. 

 

(iii)
In accordance with the Restructuring Support Agreement, (i) the Debtors’
Chief Executive Officer as of the Petition Date shall receive no recovery on account of his Senior Notes Claims and (ii) as a class, Holders
of Allowed Senior Notes Claims in Class 3 shall only be entitled to receive the full amount of the Senior Notes Claims, with interest
to the extent permitted under the Bankruptcy Code, in accordance with the absolute priority rule. To the extent, if any, that the Senior
Notes Recovery exceeds the amount of the Allowed Senior Notes Claims, with interest as allowed by the Bankruptcy Code, the Excess Recovery,
if any, shall be distributed on a Pro Rata basis to the Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims. To the extent not otherwise paid,
Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims shall receive an amount equal to the outstanding reasonable and documented Indenture Trustee Fees
and Expenses and the outstanding reasonable and documented Consenting Noteholder Group Advisors Fees and Expenses, which amount will be
paid to the Indenture Trustee or the applicable Consenting Noteholder Group Advisor on the Effective Date in cash as provided in 
Articles
II.E
 and 
II.F
 hereof.

 

d.
Voting
: Class 3 is Impaired. Holders of Claims in Class 3 are entitled
to vote to accept or reject the Plan.

 

27

 

 

 

4. 
Class
4 – General Unsecured Claims

 

a.
Classification
: Class 4 consists of all General Unsecured Claims.

 

b.
Treatment
: On the Effective Date, (i) each Allowed General Unsecured
Claim will be released and extinguished, and (ii) each holder of an Allowed General Unsecured Claim shall receive its Pro Rata share of
the Unsecured Creditor Recovery; 
provided
 that if the Senior Notes Recovery exceeds the Allowed Senior Notes Claims, Holders of
Allowed General Unsecured Claims would also receive, on a Pro Rata basis, their share of the Excess Recovery, if any.

 

c.
Voting
: Class 4 is Impaired. Holders of General Unsecured Claims
in Class 4 are conclusively presumed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code and, accordingly, are
not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan.

 

5. 
Class
5 – Intercompany Claims

 

a.
Classification
: Class 5 consists of all Intercompany Claims.

 

b.
Treatment
: Intercompany Claims shall be reinstated, cancelled, compromised,
or provided such other treatment as determined by the Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer, as applicable. 

 

c.
Voting
: Class 5 is Impaired or Unimpaired, as applicable. The holders
of Allowed Intercompany Claims are either (i) deemed to reject the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code and
are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan or (ii) conclusively presumed to accept the Plan pursuant to section 1126(f)
of the Bankruptcy Code and are not entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. The votes of such holders shall not be solicited with
respect to such Allowed Intercompany Claims.

 

6. 
Class
6 – Existing Equity Interests

 

a.
Classification
: Class 6 consists of all Equity Interests.

 

b.
Treatment
: On the Effective Date, Equity Interests shall be cancelled,
released, and extinguished, and be of no further force or effect, whether surrendered for cancellation or otherwise; 
provided, however,
that
, in the event the Debtors consummate an Equity Sale Transaction pursuant to an Equity Purchase Agreement, the Reorganized Debtors’
corporate structure shall be reflected in the Restructuring Steps Memorandum and shall not otherwise be adversely affected by the Plan.

 

c.
Voting
: Class 6 is Impaired under the Plan. Holders of Equity Interests
are deemed to have rejected the Plan pursuant to section 1126(g) of the Bankruptcy Code. Therefore, Holders of Equity Interests are not
entitled to vote to accept or reject the Plan. 

 

28

 

 

C.
Special Provision Governing Unimpaired Claims

 

Except as otherwise specifically
provided in the Plan, nothing herein shall be deemed to affect, diminish, or impair the Debtors’, Reorganized Debtors’, Post-Effective
Date Debtor(s)’, Creditor Litigation Trustee’s, or Debtor Liquidating Trustee’s, as applicable, rights and defenses,
both legal and equitable, with respect to any Reinstated Claim or Unimpaired Claim, including legal and equitable defenses to setoffs
or recoupment against Reinstated Claims or Unimpaired Claims. Nothing herein shall be deemed to be a waiver or relinquishment of any Cause
of Action, right of setoff, or other legal or equitable defense that the Debtors had immediately prior to the Petition Date, against or
with respect to any Claim that is Unimpaired by the Plan.

 

D.
Confirmation Pursuant to Section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code

 

The Debtors shall seek confirmation
of the Plan pursuant to section 1129(b) of the Bankruptcy Code with respect to any rejecting Class.

 

E.
Controversy Concerning Impairment

 

If a controversy arises as
to whether any Claims or Interests, or any Class of Claims or Interests, are Unimpaired or Impaired, the Bankruptcy Court shall, after
notice and a hearing, determine such controversy on or before the Confirmation Date.

 

Article
IV.

MEANS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF THE PLAN

 

A.
Plan Implementation

 

1. As
set forth in the Disclosure Statement, the Debtors, with the assistance of Livingstone Partners, LLC, have conducted a marketing and sale
process in accordance with the Bidding Procedures. Pursuant to the Bidding Procedures, the Debtors have designated the Successful Bidder
and Back-Up Bidder, if any. The Sale Transaction shall be consummated with the Successful Bidder on the Effective Date, or as otherwise
set forth in a Sale Order (if any). If the applicable Sale Transaction Documents with the Successful Bidder are terminated in accordance
with their terms, the Sale Transaction shall be consummated with the Back-Up Bidder, if any, pursuant to the terms of its applicable Sale
Transaction Documents upon the filing of a notice with the Bankruptcy Court (and without the need for further Bankruptcy Court approval).

 

2. On
the Effective Date, or as otherwise provided for in a Sale Order (if any), the Sale Transaction, or the proceeds derived from a Sale Transaction
consummated under a Sale Order (if any), as applicable, shall be implemented in the following sequence:

 

a.
If the Plan Sponsor (or its designee) is the Buyer pursuant to an Equity
Purchase Agreement, following the discharge pursuant to section 1141 of the Bankruptcy Code of the Debtors, as follows:

 

(i)
First, pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b), and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy
Code, (a) the Creditor Litigation Trust Assets shall be transferred to, and vest in, the Creditor Litigation Trust free and clear of all
Liens, Claims, charges, interests, or other encumbrances but subject to the Creditor Litigation Trust’s obligations under the Plan;
and (b) the Post-Effective Date Assets shall vest in the Post-Effective Date Debtor;

 

29

 

 

(ii)
Second, (i) the Equity Interests of all of the Debtors will be cancelled,
and (ii) pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b), and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, (a) 100% of the Reorganized Equity Interests shall
be issued or transferred to, as applicable, and vest free and clear of all Liens, Claims, charges, interests, or other encumbrances in
the Plan Sponsor (or its designee) in accordance with the applicable Sale Transaction Documents and the Restructuring Steps Memorandum,
and (b) the Plan Administrator shall be deemed to hold one share of common equity in the Post-Effective Date Debtor solely for the benefit
of Holders of Allowed Claims (other than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims and Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims); provided
that the Plan Administrator shall not be entitled to receive any Distribution on account of such common equity interest; and

 

(iii)
Third, the Plan Sponsor shall remit the Sale Transaction Proceeds to an
account or accounts designated by the Debtors.

 

b.
In an Alternative Restructuring as follows;

 

(i)
First, pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b), and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy
Code, (a) the Creditor Litigation Trust Assets shall be transferred to, and vest in, the Creditor Litigation Trust free and clear of all
Liens, Claims, charges, interests, or other encumbrances but subject to the Creditor Litigation Trust’s obligations under the Plan
and (b) the Post-Effective Date Assets shall vest in the Post-Effective Date Debtor or the Debtor Liquidating Trust Assets shall vest
in the Debtor Liquidating Trust, as applicable;

 

(ii)
Second, subject to the terms of the applicable Sale Transaction Documents,
(i) if the Buyer consummates the Sale pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement, the Debtors shall consummate the Sale Transaction by, among
other things, transferring the Purchased Assets to the Buyer free and clear of all Liens, Claims, Interests, charges, and other encumbrances
(other than the Assumed Liabilities) pursuant to sections 363, 365, and/or section 1123 of the Bankruptcy Code, the Plan, and the Confirmation
Order, or, in the alternative, as and when set forth in the applicable Sale Order, and the Post-Effective Date Assets shall vest in the
Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), or (ii) if the Buyer consummates the Sale pursuant to an Equity Purchase Agreement, the Equity Interests
of all of the Debtors will be cancelled, and pursuant to sections 1123, 1141(b), and 1141(c) of the Bankruptcy Code, and (I) 100% of the
Reorganized Equity Interests shall be issued or transferred to, as applicable, and vest free and clear of all Liens, Claims, charges,
interests, or other encumbrances in the Buyer in accordance with the applicable Sale Transaction Documents and the Restructuring Steps
Memorandum, (II) the Post-Effective Date Assets shall vest in the Post-Effective Date Debtor and (III) the Plan Administrator shall be
deemed to hold one share of common equity in the Post-Effective Date Debtor solely for the benefit of Holders of Allowed Claims (other
than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims and Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims); provided that the Plan Administrator shall
not be entitled to receive any Distribution on account of such common equity interest; 
provided that
 if the Buyer purchases the
Reorganized Equity Interests of all of the Debtors, including Reorganized Nogin, then (I) 100% of the Reorganized Equity Interests shall
be issued or transferred to, as applicable, and vest free and clear of all Liens, Claims, charges, interests, or other encumbrances in
the Buyer in accordance with the applicable Sale Transaction Documents and the Restructuring Steps Memorandum, and (II) the Debtor Liquidating
Trust Assets shall vest in the Debtor Liquidating Trust;

 

30

 

 

(iii)
Third, the Buyer shall remit the Sale Transaction Proceeds to an account
or accounts designated by the Debtors; and

 

(iv)
Fourth, if (x) the Alternative Restructuring does not provide Equivalent
Noteholder Treatment, (y) the Restructuring Support Agreement has not been terminated pursuant to Section 13.01(g), (j) or (a) (resulting
from a material breach by the Required Consenting Noteholders or the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders acting at the direction of the Required
Consenting Noteholders) thereof and (z) the Plan Sponsor Excusal Condition has not been satisfied, then, within 14 days after consummation
of the Alternative Restructuring, the Plan Sponsor shall pay an amount equal to the Cash Settlement Differential to the Indenture Trustee
for the benefit of the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims (other than the Debtors’ Chief Executive Officer as of the Petition
Date).

 

B.
Liabilities, Obligations, or Claims

 

All liabilities of, obligations
of, or Claims against the Debtors that are Excluded Liabilities shall be transferred to the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the Post-Effective
Date Debtor(s), as applicable, to be satisfied in accordance with the Plan.

 

C.
Sources of Consideration for Plan Distributions

 

The Distribution Agent shall
fund Distributions and satisfy Allowed Claims under the Plan using Estate Cash or Net Cash Proceeds, including Sale Transaction Proceeds,
and if applicable, the Cash Settlement Differential, as applicable; 
provided, however
, 
that, 
any post-Effective Date obligations
of the (i) Creditor Litigation Trust shall be paid by Creditor Litigation Trustee, (ii) the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall be paid by
the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, and (iii) the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s) shall be paid by the Plan Administrator. The Debtors shall
make an initial distribution of Estate Cash or Net Cash Proceeds on the Effective Date (or as soon thereafter as is practicable).

 

D.
Reorganized Equity Interests

 

To the extent the Buyer seeks
to purchase Reorganized Equity Interests, the Reorganized Debtors are authorized to issue or transfer, or cause to be issued or transferred,
and shall issue or transfer, as applicable, the Reorganized Equity Interests to the Buyer without further notice to or order of the Bankruptcy
Court, act or action under applicable law, regulation, order, or rule, or the vote, consent, authorization, or approval of any Person.
The Reorganized Equity Interests shall be issued or transferred, as applicable, and distributed free and clear of all Liens, Claims, and
other Interests. All of the Reorganized Equity Interests issued or transferred pursuant to the Plan shall be duly authorized, validly
issued, and, as applicable, fully paid and non-assessable.

 

E.
Plan Securities and Related Documentation; Exemption from Securities
Laws

 

The Reorganized Equity Interests
issued under the Plan in connection with a Reorganization Transaction shall be exempt from registration under the Securities Act pursuant
to section 1145 of the Bankruptcy Code, and such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities Act or other federal
securities laws pursuant to the exemption provided by section 4(a)(1) of the Securities Act, unless the holder is an “underwriter”
(as defined in section 1145(b) of the Bankruptcy Code) with respect to such securities. Such section 1145 exempt securities also generally
may be resold without registration under state securities laws pursuant to various exemptions provided by the respective laws of the several
states.

 

31

 

 

F.
Creditor Litigation Trustee and Creditor Litigation Trust

 

1. On
or prior to the Effective Date, the Creditor Litigation Trust shall be established in accordance with the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement
for the purpose of receiving and liquidating the Creditor Litigation Trust Assets, including the prosecution of the Retained Causes of
Action, reviewing, objecting to, and resolving Disputed General Unsecured Claims (in the event the Unsecured Creditor Recovery Threshold
has been met), and making Distributions to Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficiaries in accordance with the terms of the Plan and the Creditor
Litigation Trust Agreement.

 

2. 
Funding
of and Transfer of Assets into the Creditor Litigation Trust
. On the Effective Date, the Debtors shall transfer the Creditor Litigation
Trust Assets to the Creditor Litigation Trust, and all such assets shall vest in the Creditor Litigation Trust on such date, to be administered
by the Creditor Litigation Trust, in accordance with the Plan and the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement. The act of transferring the
Creditor Litigation Trust Assets, as authorized by the Plan, shall not be construed to destroy or limit any such assets or rights or be
construed as a waiver of any right, and such rights may be asserted by the Creditor Litigation Trust as if the asset or right was still
held by the Debtors.

 

3. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Trustee
. The Creditor Litigation Trustee shall serve as the initial trustee of the Creditor Litigation Trust and
shall be identified in the Plan Supplement. The powers, rights, and responsibilities of the Creditor Litigation Trustee shall be as specified
in the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement and Plan.

 

4. 
Creditor
Litigation Trust Agreement
. Prior to the Effective Date, the Debtors shall file with the Bankruptcy Court a form of Creditor Litigation
Trust Agreement as part of the Plan Supplement.

 

5. 
Fees
and Expenses of the Creditor Litigation Trust
. From and after the Effective Date, Creditor Litigation Trust Expenses shall be paid
from the Creditor Litigation Trust Assets, in accordance with the Plan and the Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement. The compensation of
the Creditor Litigation Trustee shall be set forth in the Plan Supplement.

 

6. 
Tax
Treatment of Creditor Litigation Trust
.

 

a.
It is intended that the Creditor Litigation Trust shall qualify as a “liquidating
trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, (i) the terms of the Creditor Litigation Trust shall be set forth in the
Creditor Litigation Trust Agreement; (ii) the Creditor Litigation Trust shall be structured to qualify as a “liquidating trust”
within the meaning of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(d) and in compliance with Rev. Proc. 94-45, 1994-2 C.B. 684, and, thus, as a “grantor
trust” within the meaning of sections 671 through 679 of the Tax Code to the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims receiving beneficial
interests in the Creditor Litigation Trust (whether Allowed on or after the Effective Date), consistent with the terms of the Plan; (iii)
the Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims shall be treated as the beneficiaries and grantors of the Creditor Litigation Trust; (iv) the
primary purpose of the Creditor Litigation Trust shall be the liquidation and distribution of the Creditor Litigation Trust Assets in
accordance with Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(d), including the resolution of Allowed Senior Notes Claims in accordance with this
Plan, with no objective to continue or engage in the conduct of a trade or business except to the extent reasonably necessary to, and
consistent with, the Creditor Litigation Trust’s liquidating purpose and reasonably necessary to conserve and protect the Creditor
Litigation Trust Assets and provide for the orderly liquidation thereof; (v) all parties shall report consistently with such treatment,
including (A) the deemed receipt of the Creditor Litigation Trust Assets (subject to applicable liabilities and obligations) by the Holders
of Allowed Senior Notes Claims, followed by (B) the deemed transfer of such assets to the Creditor Litigation Trust; (vi) all parties
shall report consistently with the valuation of the Assets transferred to the Creditor Litigation Trust as determined by the Creditor
Litigation Trustee; (vii) the Creditor Litigation Trustee shall be responsible for filing returns for the Creditor Litigation Trust as
a grantor trust pursuant to Treas. Reg. § 1.671-4(a); (viii) the Creditor Litigation Trustee shall annually provide to each Creditor
Litigation Trust Beneficiary a separate statement regarding the receipts and expenditures of the Creditor Litigation Trust as relevant
for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (ix) all items of income, deductions, and credit loss of the Creditor Litigation Trust shall
be allocated for federal income tax purposes to the Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficiaries in such manner as the Creditor Litigation
Trustee deems reasonable and appropriate.

 

32

 

 

b.
All parties (including the Debtors, the Creditor Litigation Trust, and the
Creditor Litigation Trust Beneficiaries) shall report for United States federal, state, and local income tax purposes consistently with
the foregoing. Any taxes (including with respect to earned interest, if any) imposed on the Creditor Litigation Trust (including as a
result of treatment, in whole or in part, as a disputed ownership fund or otherwise) shall be paid by the Creditor Litigation Trust.

 

c.
The Creditor Litigation Trust may request, if necessary, an expedited determination
of any unpaid tax liability of the Creditor Litigation Trust under Bankruptcy Code section 505(b) for all taxable periods of the Creditor
Litigation Trust through the dissolution of the Creditor Litigation Trust as determined under applicable tax laws.

 

G.
Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee and Noteholder Direct Claims Trust

 

1. 
On
or prior to the Effective Date, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall be established in accordance with the Noteholder Direct Claims
Trust Agreement for the purpose of receiving and liquidating the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Assets.

 

2. 
Transfer
of Assets into the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust
. Pursuant to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement and on the terms set forth
therein, at the time of formation of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, all Senior Noteholders (except for Jonathan S. Huberman) that
have not prior to such time affirmatively opted out in writing of contributing their Noteholder Direct Claims to the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust (the “
Contributing Noteholders
”) shall be deemed to have automatically contributed to the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust all of their respective Noteholder Direct Claims in exchange for their respective Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Beneficial
Interests; 
provided
 that a Contributing Noteholder may at any time thereafter either (a) withdraw its Noteholder Direct Claim(s)
from the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust or (b) choose not to participate in the litigation of such claim(s), in each case as and to the
extent permitted by applicable law and in accordance with the terms of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement. As of the time the
Contributing Noteholders contribute their respective Noteholder Direct Claims to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and until such date,
if any, that such Noteholder Direct Claims are withdrawn from the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, (i) the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust,
acting through the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, shall have the exclusive right to investigate, prosecute, settle and resolve any
of the Noteholder Direct Claims which constitute Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Assets; and (ii) Contributing Noteholders agree to use
reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee in the prosecution of their respective Noteholder Direct Claims,
including complying with discovery requests in accordance with applicable law. For the avoidance of doubt, at the time the Noteholder
Direct Claims are deemed to have been contributed to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Contributing Noteholders shall be deemed
to have assigned any and all of their applicable privileges (including, without limitation, attorney client and work product privileges)
relating to such Noteholder Direct Claims.

 

33

 

 

3. 
Funding
of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust
. A portion of the Creditor Litigation Trust Initial Funding Amount and any Creditor Litigation
Trust Additional Funding Amounts may be utilized to satisfy the fees and expenses of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust as determined
in the reasonable discretion of the Creditor Litigation Trustee and the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee (such portion(s), if any, the
“
Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Funding Amount
”). For the avoidance of doubt, the Creditor Litigation Trustee and Noteholder
Direct Claims Trustee shall keep separate books and records, as appropriate, for each of the Creditor Litigation Trust and Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust.

 

4. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trustee
. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee shall serve as the initial trustee of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust,
shall be identified in the Plan Supplement, and may be the same person as the Creditor Litigation Trustee. The powers, rights, and responsibilities
of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee shall be as specified in the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement.

 

5. 
Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Agreement
. Prior to the Effective Date, the Debtors shall file with the Bankruptcy Court a form of Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust Agreement as part of the Plan Supplement.

 

6. 
Tax
Treatment of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust
. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall be established as a “grantor trust”
for federal income tax purposes, pursuant to sections 671 through 679 of the Internal Revenue Code, with no objective to continue or engage
in the conduct of a trade or business. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trust shall be governed by the Plan and the Noteholder Direct Claims
Trust Agreement. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement shall contain provisions customary to trust agreements utilized in comparable
circumstances, including, without limitation, any and all provisions necessary to ensure the continued treatment of the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust as a grantor trust and the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Beneficiaries as the grantors and owners thereof for federal income
tax purposes. The Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee shall file returns for the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust as a grantor trust pursuant
to Treasury Regulations section 1.671-4(a) and in accordance with this Plan. The Creditor Litigation Trustee shall have no tax reporting
obligations relating to the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust.

 

H.
Debtor Liquidating Trustee and Debtor Liquidating Trust

 

1. 
In
the event that no Post-Effective Date Debtor(s) exists on or after closing of the Sale Transaction, the following provisions shall apply.

 

2. 
On
or prior to the Effective Date, the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall be established in accordance with the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement
for the purpose of receiving and liquidating the Debtor Liquidating Trust Assets, reviewing, objecting to, and resolving all Disputed
Claims (other than General Unsecured Claims and Senior Notes Claims), making distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims (other than General
Unsecured Claims and Senior Notes Claims) in accordance with the terms of the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement and the Plan, and otherwise
implementing the Plan. 

 

34

 

 

3. 
Funding
of and Transfer of Assets into the Debtor Liquidating Trust
. On the Effective Date, the Debtors shall transfer the Debtor Liquidating
Trust Assets to the Debtor Liquidating Trust, and all such assets shall vest in the Debtor Liquidating Trust on such date, to be administered
by the Debtor Liquidating Trust, in accordance with the Plan and the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement. The act of transferring the Debtor
Liquidating Trust Assets, as authorized by the Plan, shall not be construed to destroy or limit any such assets or rights or be construed
as a waiver of any right, and such rights may be asserted by the Debtor Liquidating Trust as if the asset or right was still held by the
Debtors.

 

4. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Trustee
. The Debtor Liquidating Trustee shall serve as the initial trustee of the Debtor Liquidating Trust and shall
be identified in the Plan Supplement. The powers, rights, and responsibilities of the Debtor Liquidating Trustee shall be as specified
in the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement and Plan. 

 

5. 
Debtor
Liquidating Trust Agreement
. Prior to the Effective Date, the Debtors shall file with the Bankruptcy Court a form of Debtor Liquidating
Trust Agreement as part of the Plan Supplement.

 

6. 
Fees
and Expenses of the Debtor Liquidating Trust
. From and after the Effective Date, Debtor Liquidating Trust Expenses shall be paid from
the Debtor Liquidating Trust, in accordance with the Plan and the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement. The compensation of the Debtor Liquidating
Trustee shall be set forth in the Plan Supplement.

 

7. 
Tax
Treatment of Debtor Liquidating Trust
.

 

a.
It is intended that the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall qualify as a “liquidating
trust” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, (i) the terms of the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall be set forth in the
Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement; (ii) the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall be structured to qualify as a “liquidating trust”
within the meaning of Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(d) and in compliance with Rev. Proc. 94-45, 1994-2 C.B. 684, and, thus, as a “grantor
trust” within the meaning of sections 671 through 679 of the Tax Code to the Holders of all Allowed Claims receiving beneficial
interests in the Debtor Liquidating Trust (other than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims and Holders of Allowed General Unsecured
Claims, and whether Allowed on or after the Effective Date), consistent with the terms of the Plan; (iii) the Holders of Allowed Claims
(other than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims and Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims) shall be treated as the beneficiaries
and grantors of the Debtor Liquidating Trust; (iv) the primary purpose of the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall be the liquidation and distribution
of the Debtor Liquidating Trust Assets in accordance with Treas. Reg. § 301.7701-4(d), including the resolution of Claims in
accordance with this Plan (other than Senior Notes Claims and General Unsecured Claims), with no objective to continue or engage in the
conduct of a trade or business except to the extent reasonably necessary to, and consistent with, the Debtor Liquidating Trust’s
liquidating purpose and reasonably necessary to conserve and protect the Debtor Liquidating Trust Assets and provide for the orderly liquidation
thereof; (v) all parties shall report consistently with such treatment, including (A) the deemed receipt of the Debtor Liquidating Trust
Assets (subject to applicable liabilities and obligations) by the Holders of Allowed Claims (other than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes
Claims and Holders of Allowed General Unsecured Claims), followed by (B) the deemed transfer of such assets to the Debtor Liquidating
Trust; (vi) all parties shall report consistently with the valuation of the Assets transferred to the Debtor Liquidating Trust as determined
by the Debtor Liquidating Trustee; (vii) the Debtor Liquidating Trustee shall be responsible for filing returns for the Debtor Liquidating
Trust as a grantor trust pursuant to Treas. Reg. § 1.671-4(a); (viii) the Debtor Liquidating Trustee shall annually provide to each
Debtor Liquidating Trust Beneficiary a separate statement regarding the receipts and expenditures of the Debtor Liquidating Trust as relevant
for U.S. federal income tax purposes; and (ix) all items of income, deductions, and credit loss of the Debtor Liquidating Trust shall
be allocated for federal income tax purposes to the Debtor Liquidating Trust Beneficiaries in such manner as the Debtor Liquidating Trustee
deems reasonable and appropriate. 

 

35

 

 

b.
All parties (including the Debtors, the Debtor Liquidating Trust, the Debtor
Liquidating Trust Beneficiaries,) shall report for United States federal, state, and local income tax purposes consistently with the foregoing.
Any taxes (including with respect to earned interest, if any) imposed on the Debtor Liquidating Trust (including as a result of treatment,
in whole or in part, as a disputed ownership fund or otherwise) shall be paid by the Debtor Liquidating Trust. 

 

c.
The Debtor Liquidating Trust may request, if necessary, an expedited determination
of any unpaid tax liability of the Debtor Liquidating Trust under Bankruptcy Code section 505(b) for all taxable periods of the Debtor
Liquidating Trust through the dissolution of the Debtor Liquidating Trust as determined under applicable tax laws.

 

I.
Plan Administrator

 

1. 
In
the event that one or more Post-Effective Date Debtor(s) exists on or after closing of the Sale Transaction, the following provisions
shall apply. 

 

2. 
On
or prior to the Effective Date, the Plan Administrator shall be appointed 
and
thereafter serve in accordance with this Plan and the Plan Administrator Agreement 
for the purpose of liquidating the Post-Effective
Date Assets, reviewing, objecting to, and resolving all Disputed Claims (other than Senior Notes Claims and General Unsecured Claims),
making distributions to Holders of Allowed Claims (other than Holders of Allowed Senior Notes Claims and Holders of Allowed General Unsecured
Claims) in accordance with the terms of 
this Plan and the Plan Administrator
Agreement
, and otherwise implementing the Plan
. 

 

3. 
Funding
of and Transfer of Assets into the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s)
. On the Effective Date, the Debtors shall transfer the Post-Effective
Date Assets to the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), and all such assets shall vest in the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s) on such date, to
be administered by the Plan Administrator, in accordance with the Plan and the Plan Administrator Agreement. The act of transferring the
Post-Effective Date Assets, as authorized by the Plan, shall not be construed to destroy or limit any such assets or rights or be construed
as a waiver of any right, and such rights may be asserted by the Plan Administrator Trust as if the asset or right was still held by the
Debtors. 

 

4. 
Plan
Administrator
. The Plan Administrator shall be identified in the Plan Supplement. The powers, rights, and responsibilities of the
Plan Administrator shall be as specified in the Plan Administrator Agreement and Plan.

 

5. 
Plan
Administrator Agreement
. Prior to the Effective Date, the Debtors shall file with the Bankruptcy Court a form of Plan Administrator
Agreement as part of the Plan Supplement.

 

6. 
Fees
and Expenses of the Plan Administrator
. From and after the Effective Date, Plan Administrator Expenses shall be paid from the Post-Effective
Date Debtor(s), in accordance with the Plan and the Plan Administrator Agreement. The compensation of the Plan Administrator shall be
set forth in the Plan Supplement.

 

36

 

 

J.
Cancellation of Existing Interests, Indebtedness, and Other Obligations

 

Except for the purpose of
evidencing a right to a Distribution under the Plan and except as otherwise set forth in the Plan, including with respect to Executory
Contracts or Unexpired Leases that shall be assumed by the Buyer or the Reorganized Debtors, as applicable, on the Effective Date, all
agreements, instruments, and other documents evidencing or issued pursuant to the Senior Notes, or any indebtedness or other obligations
thereunder, and any Interest, and any rights of any holder in respect thereof, including the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes Indenture,
shall be deemed cancelled, discharged, and of no force or effect, and the obligations of the Debtors thereunder shall be deemed fully
satisfied, released, and discharged, subject to, in the case of the Senior Notes and Senior Notes Indenture, the payment of the Indenture
Trustee Fees and Expenses and except with respect to such other rights of the Indenture Trustee, including indemnification rights and
charging liens, that survive the termination of the Senior Notes Indenture pursuant to their terms, which shall continue in full force
and effect.

 

Notwithstanding such cancellation
and discharge, all agreements, instruments, and other documents evidencing or issued pursuant to the Senior Notes shall continue in effect
to the extent necessary (i) to allow the Holders of Senior Notes Claims to receive Distributions; (ii) to allow the Creditor Litigation
Trustee and Indenture Trustee to receive and make post-Effective Date Distributions or take such other action pursuant to the Plan on
account of such Claims and to otherwise exercise their rights and discharge their obligations relating to the interests of the Holders
of such Claims; (iii) to allow the Senior Noteholders and the Indenture Trustee to retain their respective rights and obligations vis-à-vis
other Senior Noteholders, pursuant to any applicable loan documents; (iv) to preserve any rights of the Indenture Trustee to payment of
fees, expenses, and indemnification obligations as against any Distributions to the Senior Noteholders under the Senior Notes, including
any rights to priority of payment and/or to exercise charging liens pursuant to the Senior Notes Indenture and enforce its rights, claims,
and interests, vis-à-vis any party other than the Debtors; (v) to allow the Indenture Trustee to enforce any obligations owed to
it under the Plan; (vi) to allow the Indenture Trustee to exercise rights and enforce obligations relating to the interests of the Senior
Noteholders, including enforcement of any subordination agreement; (vii) to allow the Indenture Trustee to appear in the Chapter 11 Cases
or in any proceeding in the Bankruptcy Court or any other court; and (viii) to permit the Indenture Trustee to perform and seek compensation
and reimbursement for any function necessary to effectuate the foregoing; 
provided, that
, nothing in this 
Article IV.J
 shall
affect the discharge of Claims pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code, the Confirmation Order, or the Plan, or result in any liability or expense
to the Reorganized Debtors.

 

Except for the foregoing,
subsequent to the performance by the Indenture Trustee of its obligations pursuant to the Plan, the Indenture Trustee and its agents shall
be relieved and discharged from all further duties and responsibilities related to the Plan and the Senior Notes Indenture, except with
respect to such other rights that survive the termination of the Senior Notes Indenture.

 

Notwithstanding the foregoing,
any provision in any document, instrument, lease, or other agreement that causes or effectuates, or purports to cause or effectuate, a
default, termination, waiver, or other forfeiture of, or by, the Debtors as a result of the cancellations, terminations, satisfaction,
releases, or discharges provided for in the Plan shall be deemed null and void and shall be of no force and effect. Nothing contained
herein shall be deemed to cancel, terminate, release, or discharge the obligation of the Debtors or any of their counterparties under
any Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease to the extent such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease has been assumed by the Debtors pursuant
to a Final Order of the Bankruptcy Court or hereunder.

 

37

 

 

K.
Corporate Action

 

Upon the Effective Date, or
as soon thereafter as is reasonably practicable, all actions contemplated by the Plan shall be deemed authorized and approved by the Bankruptcy
Court in all respects, including, as applicable: (i) the cancellation of the Equity Interests, (ii) the issuance of the Reorganized
Equity Interests, if applicable; (iii) the selection of the Creditor Litigation Trustee and the formation of the Creditor Litigation Trust
and the execution and delivery thereof; (iv) the selection of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee and the formation of the Noteholder
Direct Claims Trust and the execution and delivery thereof; (v) the selection of the Debtor Liquidating Trustee and the formation of the
Debtor Liquidating Trust and the execution and delivery thereof, or the appointment of the Plan Administrator and the execution of the
Plan Administrator Agreement, as applicable; (vi) consummation of the Sale Transaction, as applicable; (vii) execution of and performance
under the Definitive Documents; and (viii) all other actions contemplated by the Plan (whether to occur before, on, or after the Effective
Date). Upon the Effective Date, all matters provided for in the Plan involving the corporate structure of the Debtors, the Reorganized
Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the form of the Creditor Litigation
Trust Agreement, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the form of the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust Agreement,
the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, the form of the Debtor Liquidating Trust Agreement, or the Debtor
Liquidating Trust and any corporate or other organizational action required by the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective
Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee,
the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, or the Debtor Liquidating Trust in connection with the Plan shall
be deemed to have occurred and shall be in effect on the Effective Date, without any requirement of further action by the security holders,
directors, or officers of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor
Litigation Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor
Liquidating Trustee, or the Debtor Liquidating Trust. Before, on, or after the Effective Date, as applicable, the appropriate officers
of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the
Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, or
the Debtor Liquidating Trust, as applicable, shall be authorized to issue, execute, and deliver the agreements, documents, securities,
and instruments contemplated by the Plan (or necessary or desirable to effect the transactions contemplated by the Plan), in the name
of and on behalf of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation
Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor Liquidating
Trustee, or the Debtor Liquidating Trust, as applicable, to the extent not previously authorized by the Bankruptcy Court. The authorizations
and approvals contemplated by this 
Article IV.K
 shall be effective notwithstanding any requirements under non-bankruptcy law.

 

L.
Effectuating Documents; Restructuring Transactions

 

Following the Confirmation
Date or as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan
Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Noteholder Direct
Claims Trust, the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, the Debtor Liquidating Trust, and the Buyer, as applicable, may take all actions as may
be necessary or appropriate in their discretion to effectuate any transaction described in, approved by, contemplated by, or necessary
to effectuate the Plan, including: (i) the execution and delivery of appropriate agreements or other documents of merger, amalgamation,
consolidation, restructuring, conversion, disposition, transfer, arrangement, continuance, dissolution, sale, purchase, or liquidation
containing terms that are consistent with the terms of the Plan and the Definitive Documents; (ii) the execution and delivery of appropriate
instruments of transfer, assignment, assumption, or delegation of any asset, property, right, liability, debt, or obligation on terms
consistent with the terms of the Plan; (iii) the filing of appropriate certificates or articles of incorporation, reincorporation, merger,
consolidation, conversion, amalgamation, arrangement, continuance, or dissolution pursuant to applicable state or law; (iv) the issuance
of securities; and (v) all other actions that the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator,
the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust,
the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, the Debtor Liquidating Trust, or the Buyer determine to be necessary or appropriate, including in connection
with the consummation of the Sale Transaction and making filings or recordings that may be required by applicable law in connection with
the Plan, all of which shall be authorized and approved in all respects, in each case, without further action being required under applicable
law, regulation, order, or rule or the governing documents of the Debtors, the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s),
the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, the Debtor Liquidating Trust, or the Buyer
(collectively, the “
Restructuring Transactions
”).

 

38

 

 

Each officer, manager, or
member of the board of directors of the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, Creditor
Litigation Trust, Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, or Debtor Liquidating Trust is (and each officer, manager, or member of the board of
directors of the Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation Trustee, the
Noteholder Direct Claims Trustee and the Debtor Liquidating Trustee, as applicable, shall be) authorized and directed to issue, execute,
deliver, file, or record such contracts, securities, instruments, releases, indentures, and other agreements or documents and take such
actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate, implement, and further evidence the terms and conditions of the Plan in the
name of and on behalf of the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Plan Administrator, the Creditor Litigation
Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust, or the Debtor Liquidating Trust, all of which shall be authorized and approved in all respects,
in each case, without the need for any approvals, authorization, consents, or any further action required under applicable law, regulation,
order, or rule (including, without limitation, any action by the stockholders, members, directors or managers of the Debtors, the Reorganized
Debtors, the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust or Debtor Liquidating Trust the Creditor Litigation Trust or
the Debtor Liquidating Trust) except for those expressly required pursuant to the Plan.

 

The Debtors shall be authorized
to implement the Sale Transaction, including the creation of the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and the
Debtor Liquidating Trust, in the manner most tax efficient to (x) the Reorganized Debtors, (y) the Creditor Litigation Trust and (z) the
Debtor Liquidating Trust, though the Debtors shall reasonably prioritize tax efficiency with respect to the Reorganized Debtors over tax
efficiency with respect to the Credit Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust and the Debtor Liquidating Trust to the extent
of any conflict.

 

All matters provided for herein
involving the corporate structure of the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Creditor Litigation Trust,
the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust or the Debtor Liquidating Trust, to the extent applicable, or any corporate or related action required
by the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust
or Debtor Liquidating Trust in connection herewith shall be deemed to have occurred and shall be in effect, without any requirement of
further action by the stockholders, members, directors or managers of the Debtors, Reorganized Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s),
the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust or Debtor Liquidating Trust and with like effect as though such action
had been taken unanimously by the stockholders, members, directors, managers, or officers, as applicable, of the Debtors, Reorganized
Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Creditor Litigation Trust, the Noteholder Direct Claims Trust or Debtor Liquidating Trust.

 

39

 

 

M.
Exemption from Certain Taxes and Fees

 

To the maximum extent permitted
pursuant to section 1146(a) of the Bankruptcy Code, (a) the issuance, transfer or exchange of any securities, instruments, or documents;
(b) the creation of any Lien, mortgage, deed of trust or other security interest; (c) all sale transactions consummated by the Debtors,
the Post-Effective Date Debtors, the Creditor Litigation Trust or the Debtor Liquidating Trust pursuant to the Plan (including the Plan
Supplement) on and after the Confirmation Date, including any transfers in furtherance of the Plan; (d) any assumption or sale by the
Debtors, Post-Effective Date Debtor(s) or the Creditor Litigation Trust or the Debtor Liquidating Trust of their interests in unexpired
leases of nonresidential real property or Executory Contracts pursuant to section 365(a) of the Bankruptcy Code; and (e) the issuance,
renewal, modification or securing of indebtedness by such means, and the making, delivery or recording of any deed or other instrument
of transfer under, in furtherance of, or in connection with, the Plan or Plan Supplement, including the Confirmation Order, shall not
be subject to any document recording tax, stamp tax, conveyance fee or other similar tax, mortgage tax, real estate transfer tax, mortgage
recording tax, Uniform Commercial Code filing or recording fee, regulatory filing or recording fee, sales tax, use tax, intangible tax,
deed stamps, or other similar tax or governmental assessment. Consistent with the foregoing, each recorder of deeds or similar official
for any county, city, or Governmental Unit in which any instrument hereunder is to be recorded shall, pursuant to the Confirmation Order,
be directed to accept such instrument without requiring the payment of any filing fees, documentary stamp tax, deed stamps, stamp tax,
transfer tax, intangible tax, or similar tax.

 

N.
Insurance Policies

 

All of the Insurance Policies
(including, but not limited to, the D&O Insurance Policies) and all rights and obligations of the Debtors under the Insurance Policies
will automatically become vested, unaltered, in the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), as applicable, as of
the Effective Date without necessity for further approvals or orders, unless such Insurance Policies (i) have been assumed and assigned
to the Buyer, (ii) were rejected pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court entered on or before the Effective Date, or (iii) are required
to monetize a recovery on a Retained Cause of Action, in which case the proceeds of any recovery under such Insurance Policies shall vest
unaltered in the Creditor Litigation Trust. To the extent that any Insurance Policies are deemed Executory Contracts, unless such Insurance
Policies have been assumed and assigned to the Buyer or rejected pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy Court entered on or before the
Effective Date, this Plan will constitute a motion to assume and assign to the Debtor Liquidating Trust or the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s),
as applicable, permit to “ride through” and ratify such Insurance Policies and, subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date,
the entry of the Confirmation Order will constitute both approval of such assumption and assignment pursuant to sections 105 and 365 of
the Bankruptcy Code and a finding by the Bankruptcy Court that such assumption and assignment is in the best interests of the Estates.
Nothing shall alter, modify, amend, affect, impair or prejudice the legal, equitable or contractual rights, obligations, and defenses
of the Insurers, the Debtors, the Debtor Liquidating Trust, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), or any other individual or entity, as applicable,
under (or affect the coverage under) any Insurance Policies, except that all rights and claims in respect of recovery on a deductible
or retention with respect to the D&O Insurance Policies is waived such that any collection in connection with claims by the Creditor
Litigation Trust is limited to the proceeds of the D&O Insurance Policies themselves, reduced by any amount of deductible or retention.
For the avoidance of doubt, no person or entity shall be required to satisfy any deductible or self-insured retention or advance any funds
whatsoever in order to recover under the D&O Insurance Policies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Definitive Documents,
the Plan, the Plan Supplement, a Sale Order (if any), and any other document related to any of the foregoing, on the Effective Date: (i)
nothing shall alter or modify the terms and conditions of and/or any rights, benefits, claims, rights to payments, or recoveries under
any Insurance Policies; and (ii) for the avoidance of doubt, nothing shall authorize any party, including the Buyer in connection with
the Sale Transaction, to amend, alter, modify, or terminate in any way, any Insurance Policy, including, but not limited to, any D&O
Liability Insurance Policy.

 

40

 

 

 

O.
Expedited Tax Determination of the Debtors

 

The Debtors, the Reorganized
Debtors, the Post Effective Date Debtor(s), the Creditor Litigation Trust or the Debtor Liquidating Trust, as applicable, may request
an expedited determination of taxes under section 505(b) of the Bankruptcy Code for all returns filed or to be filed for or on behalf
of the Debtors for all taxable periods ending after the Petition Date through the Effective Date; provided, however, that, as applicable,
the Debtors shall keep the advisors to the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders reasonably informed with respect to the status of such request.

 

P.
Actions Required from Debtors’ Insiders and Affiliates to Exempt
Themselves from Receiving a Recovery on Account of Senior Note Claims

 

The Debtors shall use reasonable
efforts to cause their Chief Executive Officer as of the Petition Date who beneficially holds an interest in the Allowed Senior Notes
Claims to take any action reasonably requested by the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders, DTC or the Indenture Trustee to ensure that he
does not receive any portion of the Senior Notes Recovery on account of his Allowed Senior Notes Claims and the Chief Executive Officer
shall take any such action which the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders, DTC or the Indenture Trustee may reasonably request including, but
not limited to, assigning any portion of the Senior Notes Recovery which he may inadvertently receive to the Creditor Litigation Trust
for redistribution to the holders of Allowed Secured Note Claims (other than the Chief Executive Officer). The Creditor Litigation Trust
and the Ad Hoc Committee of Noteholders shall have standing to enforce this provision and to recover fees and costs from the Chief Executive
Officer incurred in enforcing this provision.

 

Q.
Consolidation of the Debtors for Plan Purposes

 

The Debtors’ Estates
will be consolidated for administrative purposes related to this Plan, including for purposes of (1) implementing this Plan, (2) voting,
(3) assessing whether the standards for Confirmation have been met, and (4) calculating and making Distributions under this Plan.

 

On the Effective Date (1) all
of the Debtors’ assets and liabilities will be merged; (2) all guarantees or responsibility of one Debtor of the obligations of
any other Debtor will be eliminated, and all guarantees or responsibility executed by multiple Debtors of the obligations of any other
Entity will be consolidated into a single obligation, so that any Claim against any Debtor and any guarantee or responsibility thereof
executed by any other Debtor and any joint or several liability of any of the Debtors will be one obligation of the Debtors; and (3) each
and every Claim Filed or to be Filed in the Chapter 11 Case of any Debtor will be deemed Filed against, and will be a single obligation
of, the Debtors. This consolidation will not affect (a) the vesting of the Debtors’ assets in the Reorganized Debtors, the Post
Effective Date Debtor(s), the Buyer, the Creditor Litigation Trust and the Debtor Liquidating Trust, as applicable; (b) the right to distributions
from any Insurance Policies or proceeds of the policies; (c) any Liens granted or arising at any time prior to the Effective
Date or the priority of those Liens; (d) any Causes of Action, including the Retained Causes of Action, or defenses thereto, which
in each case shall survive entry of the Confirmation Order as if there had been no consolidation of the Estates in any respect; or (e) the
rights of the Debtors, the Post-Effective Date Debtor(s), the Creditor Litigation Trust and the Debtor Liquidating Trust, to contest setoff
or recoupment rights alleged by creditors on the grounds of lack of mutuality under section 553 of the Bankruptcy Code and other applicable
law. The Plan shall not result in the merger or otherwise affect the separate legal existence of each Debtor.

 

41

 

 

Article
V.

TREATMENT OF EXECUTORY CONTRACTS AND UNEXPIRED LEASES

 

A.
General Treatment

 

On January 18 and February
9, 2024, the Debtors filed the Assumption Notice, which identified Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases that may be assumed and assigned
in connection with the Sale Transaction, Cure Costs, and related procedures for objecting to the assumption and assignment of the Executory
Contracts and Unexpired Leases listed therein.

 

1. 
Sale
Transaction Consummated Under the Plan

 

To the extent the Sale Transaction
is consummated pursuant to the Plan, the Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases identified in the List of Assumed Contracts (subject
to any right to amend or supplement), which shall be filed as part of the Plan Supplement, shall be assumed on the Effective Date by the
Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer, as applicable. To the extent an Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease is not listed on the List of Assumed
Contracts, all such remaining Executory Contracts and Unexpired Leases shall be deemed rejected by the Debtors on the Effective Date,
unless such Executory Contract or Unexpired Lease: (i) was previously assumed or rejected by the Debtors pursuant to an order of the Bankruptcy
Court; (ii) previously expired or was terminated pursuant to its terms or by agreement of the parties thereto; (iii) is the subject
of a pending motion to assume or reject as of the Effective Date; (iv) is an Insurance Policy; or (v) is one in which any Bluestar Alliance
member is a counterparty, in a circumstance where the Plan Sponsor is the Buyer of the Reorganized Equity or the Assets of the Debtors
pursuant to this Plan.

 

For the avoidance doubt, as
described in more detail in the Disclosure Statement, as of the Effective Date, and solely to the extent the Plan Sponsor is the Successful
Bidder, the Plan Sponsor shall assume all Executory Contracts with all members of the Bluestar Alliance.

 

To the extent the Sale Transaction
is consummated pursuant to the Plan, subject to the occurrence of the Effective Date, entry of the Confirmation Order by the Bankruptcy
Court shall constitute approval of the assumptions or rejections provided for in the Plan pursuant to sections 365(a) and 1123 of the
Bankruptcy Code and a determination by the Bankruptcy Court that the Debtors have provided adequate assurance of future performance under
such assumed Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease. Each Executory Contract and Unexpired Lease assumed pursuant to the Plan shall vest
in and be fully enforceable by the Reorganized Debtors or the Buyer, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, except as modified by
the provision of the Plan, any order of the Bankruptcy Court authorizing and providing for its assumption or applicable law.

 

42

 

 

If an Assumption Dispute is
resolved in a manner that is not in the best interests of the Debtors and their estates, whether or not such resolution occurs prior to
or after the Closing Date or Effective Date, the Debtors and the Buyer may determine that any contract subject to such resolved Assumption
Dispute will no longer be assumed and assigned pursuant to the applicable transaction.

 

2. 
Sale
Transaction Consummated Under a Sale Order