EX-10.1

2

f8k021119ex10-1_sito.htm

FINANCING AND SECURITY AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 11, 2019

Exhibit 10.1

 

FINANCING AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

 

 

INTRODUCTION

 

This
Financing and Security Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into on February 11, 2019 by and among 
SITO
MOBILE, LTD.
 (“Administrative Seller”), 
SITO MOBILE SOLUTIONS, INC. 
(“Sito Mobile
Solutions”), 
SITO MOBILE MEDIA, INC. 
(“Sito Mobile Media”), 
DOUBLEVISION NETWORKS, INC.

(“Doublevision”), and 
SITO MOBILE R&D IP, LLC
 (“Sito R&D”, and together with
Administrative Seller, Sito Mobile Solutions, Sito Mobile Media, and Doublevision on a joint and several basis, each and
collectively a “Seller”, and any reference to “Seller” hereunder shall be deemed a reference to each
of the foregoing Sellers), and Fast Pay Partners LLC (“Purchaser”). Seller has agreed to sell and Purchaser has
agreed to purchase Accounts for which Purchaser will make Advances of the Purchase Price. Purchaser is agreeable to providing
this facility, provided that Seller agrees to the provisions of this Agreement. Each Seller and Purchaser are individually
referred to as a “Party” or collectively as the “Parties”.

 

GENERAL RATES AND FEES

 

The items referenced below are subject to and defined
within the provisions of this Agreement:

(a)
Maximum Line Amount:
 Nine million five hundred thousand dollars ($9,500,000.00); 
provided
,
 on and after March 31, 2019, Seller at its option by written notice from Administrative Seller to Purchaser, may request an
 increase of such Maximum Line Amount to Fifteen million dollars ($15,000,000) subject to the Purchaser’s credit
 approval in its sole and absolute discretion.

(b)
Advance Rate
: 75% of gross value of Invoices

(c)
Minimum Invoice Size
: Five thousand dollars ($5,000.00)

(d)
Initial Financing Fee
: A flat fee equal to 1/12 multiplied by the Facility Rate, based
on the net amount Advanced with respect to any Invoice for a Purchased Account (or the net amount Advanced for Advances not tied
to any Invoice), for the initial 30 day period

(e)
Additional Financing Fee
: A monthly rate equivalent to 1/12 multiplied by the Facility
Rate, prorated daily on the net amount Advanced outstanding with respect to any Invoice for a Purchased Account (or the net amount
Advanced outstanding for Advances not tied to any Invoice), commencing on day 31. For the purposes of this Agreement, 
“Facility
Rate”
 means the sum of: (x) the 
LIBOR Rate
 plus (y) 7.00% per annum.

(f)
Misdirected Payment Fee
: Repayment of all Advances must be paid by the Account Debtor
directly to Purchaser. In the event an Account Debtor fails to pay Purchaser directly, Purchaser will provide Seller a grace period
of ten (10) business days to notify Purchaser of any Misdirected
Payment and lo forward the full amount of the Misdirected Payment to Purchaser otherwise Seller may be assessed a Misdirected Payment
Fee equaling 20% of the amount of such payment.

(g)
Concentration Limit
: The percentage of any debt from a single Account Debtor over the total
amount outstanding from Seller’s Purchased Accounts must remain below 25%. In the event the percentage exceeds the foregoing limit,
Purchaser may exercise its right not to purchase more accounts from said Account Debtor.

(h)
Closing Fee
: Fifteen thousand dollars ($15,000.00)

(i)
Wire Fee
: An amount equal to Thirty-Five Dollars ($35.00) to cover fees and costs associated
with incoming and outgoing wire transfers to/from the Lockbox or as between Purchaser/Seller.

(j)
Termination
: Subject to a fee equal to 2% of the Maximum Line Amount with respect to
any termination of this Agreement prior to the 2nd anniversary of the date hereof (the “Early Termination Fee”), Seller
may terminate this Agreement at any time upon 30 days prior written notice (or such lesser time to which the Purchaser may agree
in writing) to Purchaser whereupon this Agreement shall terminate upon repayment in full of all outstanding Obligations.

(k)
Minimum
 Utilization/Purchase
: Beginning on the 31
st
 day after the date hereof,
 Seller shall at all times utilize (or at least offered such Accounts for purchase hereunder)
 at least 10% of the Maximum Line Amount. The Financing Fees otherwise set forth herein
 shall be adjusted to reflect such minimum utilization.

(l)
Payment Services Covenant
: Seller shall at all times submit to Purchaser all of Seller’s
accounts payable and vendor payments through Purchaser and/or Purchaser’s affiliates’ payments platform as set forth in the ePay
Agreement.

 

SIGNATURES

 

By their signatures below,
the Parties represent they have read, understand and agree to be bound by the Financing and Security Agreement, including the Standard
Terms and Conditions referenced herein.

 

SELLER AND PURCHASER 
have executed this Agreement
through their authorized officers as of the date set forth above.

 

 

 

 

“ADMINISTRATIVE SELLER” 
and a 
“SELLER”

 

“PURCHASER”

SITO MOBILE, LTD. 

 

FAST PAY PARTNERS LLC

 

 

 

/s/ William A Seagrave

 

/s/ 
Secil Baysal

Name:

William A Seagrave

 

Name:

Secil Baysal

Title:

COO & CFO

 

Title:

Chief Operating Officer

 

“SELLER”

 

Contact Information:

SITO MOBILE SOLUTION, INC. 

 

Fast Pay Partners LLC

 

 

8201 Beverly Blvd, Suite 600

/s/ William A Seagrave

 

Los Angeles, CA 90048

Name: 

William A Seagrave

 

Ph: (310) 651-9201

Title:

COO & CFO

 

e-mail: 
legal@gofastpay.com

 

“SELLER”

 

 

SITO MOBILE MEDIA, INC. 

 

 

 

 

 

/s/ William A Seagrave

 

 

Name: 

William A Seagrave

 

 

Title:

COO & CFO

 

 

 

“SELLER”

 

 

DOUBLEVISION NETWORKS, INC. 

 

 

 

 

 

/s/ William A Seagrave

 

 

Name: 

William A Seagrave

 

 

Title:

COO & CFO

 

 

 

“SELLER”

 

 

SITO MOBILE R&D IP, LLC

 

 

 

 

 

/s/ William A Seagrave

 

 

Name: 

William A Seagrave

 

 

Title:

COO & CFO

 

 

 

Contact Information:

SITO MOBILE, LTD.

100 Town Square, Suite 204

Jersey City, NJ 07310

Ph: (201) 27501) 275-0555

e-mail: 
bill.seagrave@sitomobile.com

 

2

 

 

FINANCING
AND SECURITY AGREEMENT

STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 

 

1.

Sale; Purchase Price; Billing

1.1.

Assignment and Sale

1.1.1.
Seller shall offer to sell to Purchaser as absolute owner, with full recourse, such of Seller’s Accounts as submitted to
Purchaser for purchase.

1.1.2.
Each Account submitted by Seller for purchase shall be accompanied by such documentation supporting and evidencing the Account.

1.1.3. Purchaser may not purchase any Account which will cause

the
unpaid balance of Purchased Accounts to exceed the Maximum Line Amount.

1.1.4.
Accounts submitted to Purchaser must exceed Minimum Invoice Size as stated within the 
General Rates and
 Fees, except as
otherwise agreed by both Parties in an Authenticated Record.

1.1.5.
Purchaser shall pay the Purchase Price of any Purchased Account less any amounts due to Purchaser from Seller, including, without
limitation, any amounts due under Sections 2.1 and 3.1 hereof, to Seller within five (5) business days of the Purchase Date, whereupon
the Accounts shall be deemed purchased hereunder.

1.1.6.
Upon execution of this Agreement, Seller shall pay the Closing Fee.

1.1.7.
All Purchases shall be made at the absolute sole discretion of the Purchaser.

1.2.

Redirection of Payments.
 Purchaser may send a monthly statement to all Payors Itemizing their account activity during the
preceding billing period. All Payors will be instructed to make payments to Purchaser.

 

2.

Reserve Account

2.1.
Seller shall pay to Purchaser on demand the amount of any Reserve Shortfall.

2.2.
Upon request of the Seller, Purchaser shall pay to Seller any amount by which the Reserve Account exceeds the Required Reserve,
unless reserve is necessary to cover other Obligations of the Seller.

2.3.
Purchaser may charge the Reserve Account with any Obligation that is due and payable.

2.4.
Purchaser may pay any amounts due Seller hereunder by a credit to the Reserve Account.

2.5.
Purchaser may retain the Reserve Account until Complete Termination.

 

3.

Exposed Payments

3.1.
Upon termination of this Agreement Seller shall pay to Purchaser (or Purchaser may retain), to hold in a non-segregated non-interest
bearing account, the amount of all Exposed Payments (the “Preference Reserve”).

3.2.
Purchaser may charge the Preference Reserve with the amount of any Exposed Payments that Purchaser pays to the bankruptcy estate,
receivership estate, assignee for benefit of creditors, creditor body or representative of any of the foregoing of the Payor that
made the Exposed Payment or on whose behalf such Exposed Payment was made, on account of a claim asserted under Sections 547,
548, 549 or 550 of the Bankruptcy Code or any equivalent type state or federal law, rule or regulation.

3.3.
Purchaser shall refund to Seller from time to time that balance of the Preference Reserve for which a claim under Sections 547,
548, 549 or 550 of the Bankruptcy Code or any equivalent type state or federal law, rule or regulation can no longer be asserted
against the Exposed Payments due to the passage of the statute of limitations, settlement with the bankruptcy estate, receivership
estate, assignee for benefit of creditors, creditor body or representative of any of the foregoing.

  

4.

Authorization for Purchases
. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Purchaser is authorized to purchase
Accounts upon telephonic, facsimile or other instructions received from anyone purporting to be an officer, employee or representative
of Seller.

 

5.

Fees and Expenses
.
 Seller shall pay to Purchaser:

5.1.

Financing Fee.
 The Initial Financing Fee and Additional Financing Fee shall be due on the date on which a Purchased Account
is Closed. Financing Fees and interest hereunder are subject to upward adjustment in accordance with Section 12.8 herein and also
shall include the additional Default Rate on the Obligations, at Purchaser’s sole election, upon the occurrence and continuance
of an Event of Default.

5.2.

Misdirected Payment Fee. 
Any Misdirected Payment Fee immediately upon its accrual.

5.3.

Out-of-pocket Expenses. 
The out-of-pocket expenses directly incurred by Purchaser in the administration of this Agreement
such as wire transfer fees (“Wire Fee”), postage and audit fees. Seller shall not be required to pay for more than
four audits per twelve-month period.

 

6.

Repurchase Of Accounts
.
 Purchaser may require that Seller repurchase, by payment of the then unpaid Face Amount
thereof, together with any unpaid fees relating to the Purchased Account on demand, or, at Purchaser’s option, by Purchaser’s
charge to the Reserve Account, the following Purchased Accounts:

6.1.
Any Purchased Account, the payment of which has been disputed by the Payor or the Account Debtor obligated thereon, Purchaser
being under no obligation to determine the bona fide nature of such dispute;

6.2.
Any Purchased Account regarding which Seller has breached any representation or warranty as set forth in the Section 14.

6.3.
Any Purchased Account owing from an Account Debtor or Payor which (a) in Purchaser’s reasonable credit judgment has become
insolvent or (b) has indicated an inability or unwillingness to pay the Purchased Account when due;

6.4.
All Purchased Accounts upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, or upon the termination date of this Agreement; and

6.5.
Any Purchased Account that remains unpaid beyond the Late Payment Date.

 

7. 
Security
Interest

7.1.
As collateral securing the Obligations, Seller (for the avoidance of doubt, each Seller and Administrative Seller) grants to Purchaser
a continuing first priority security Interest in the Collateral.

 

8.

Clearance Days
. 
For all purposes under this Agreement, Clearance Days will be added to the date on which Purchaser
receives any payment if such payment is received other than by wire directly to the Lockbox.

 

3

 

 

9. 
Authorization
to Purchaser

9.1.

Authorization: 
Seller explicitly authorizes and grants to Purchaser the ability for Purchaser (acting through any of its
employees, attorneys or agents) at any time, at its option but without obligation, with or without notice to Seller (other than
as set forth below), and at Seller’s sole expense, to do any or all of the following, in Seller’s name or otherwise
until all of the Obligations have been paid in full:

9.1.1.
Receive, take, endorse, assign, deliver, accept and deposit, in the name of Purchaser or Seller, any and all proceeds of any Collateral
securing the Obligations or the proceeds thereof;

9.1.2.
Upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default, take or bring, in the name of Purchaser or Seller, all steps, actions,
suits or proceedings deemed by Purchaser necessary or desirable to effect collection of or other realization upon Purchaser’s
Accounts;

9.1.3.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, with respect to any of the following established or issued
for the benefit of Seller, either individually or as a member of a class or group, file any claim under (a) any bond or (b) under
any trust fund;

9.1.4.
Pay any sums necessary to discharge any lien or encumbrance which is senior to Purchaser’s security interest in any assets
of Seller, which sums shall be included as Obligations hereunder, and in connection with which sums the Late Charge shall accrue
and shall be due and payable;

9.1.5.
File in the name of Seller or Purchaser or both: (a) Mechanic’s lien or related notices, or (b) Claims under any payment
bond, in connection with goods or services sold by Seller in connection with the improvement of realty;

9.1.6.
Notify any Payor obligated with respect to any Account, that the underlying Account has been assigned to Purchaser by Seller and
that payment thereof is to be made to the order of and directly and solely to Purchaser;

9.1.7.
Communicate directly with Seller’s Payors to verify the amount and validity of any Account created by Seller;

9.1.8.
Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default,: (a) Change the address for delivery of mail to Purchaser
and to receive and open mail addressed to Seller; (b) Extend the time of payment of, compromise or settle for cash, credit, return
merchandise, and upon any terms or conditions, any and all Accounts and discharge or release any Account Debtor or other obligor
(including filing of any public record releasing any lien granted to Seller by such Account Debtor), without affecting any of
the Obligations;

9.1.9
Any and all sums paid and any and all costs, expenses, liabilities, obligations and legal fees incurred by Purchaser with respect
to the foregoing shall be added to and become part of the Obligations. In no event shall Purchaser’s rights under the foregoing
authorization or any of Purchaser’s other rights under this Agreement be deemed to indicate that Purchaser in control of
the business, management of properties of Seller;

9.1.10.
File any initial financing statements and amendments thereto that: (a) Indicate the collateral as all assets of the Seller or
words of similar effect, regardless of whether any particular asset comprised in the collateral falls within the scope of Article
9 of the UCC, or as being of an equal or lesser scope or with greater detail; (b) Contain any other information required by part
5 of Article 9 of the UCC for the sufficiency or filing office acceptance of any financing statement or amendment, including (i)
whether the Seller is an organization, the type of organization, and any organization identification number issued to the Seller
and, (ii) in the case of a financing statement filed as a fixture filing or indicating collateral to be as-extracted collateral
or timber to be cut, a sufficient description of real property to which the collateral relates; and (c) Contain a notification
that the Seller has granted a negative pledge to the Purchaser, and that any subsequent lienor may be tortuously interfering with
Purchaser’s rights;

9.1.11.
Advises third parties that any notification of Seller’s Account Debtors will interfere with Purchaser’s collection
rights; and

9.1.12.
File any Correction Statement in the name of Seller under Section 9-518 of the Uniform Commercial Code that Purchaser reasonably
deems necessary to preserve its rights hereunder.

9.2.
Seller authorizes Purchaser to accept, endorse and deposit on behalf of Seller any checks tendered by an account debtor
“in full payment” of its obligation to Seller. Seller shall not assert against Purchaser any claim arising
therefrom, irrespective of whether such action by Purchaser effects an accord and satisfaction of Seller’s claims,
under §3-311 of the Uniform Commercial Code, or otherwise.

9.3.
Seller grants Purchaser a full license to use any data collected during the Term of this Agreement provided that, subject to Section
13, no Confidential Information is disclosed to third parties or the public and such use in compliance with any and all applicable
laws.

 

10.

ACH Authorization
.

10.1.
In order to satisfy any of the Obligations, Seller authorizes Purchaser to initiate electronic debit or credit entries through
the ACH system to any deposit account maintained by Seller. Purchaser shall provide Seller with advance notice of its intention
to initiate electronic debit entries of Seller’s deposit account through the ACH system. Such notice may be provided electronically.
If an ACH debit request is not honored by the financial institution, for any reason, Seller agrees to immediately pay, in the
form of a check, money order or cash, such sums as are necessary to bring the balance then due hereunder current, and Seller will
be subject to such fees or charges for non-payment, as if Client had delivered a NSF check or made no payment to Purchaser.

10.2.
Seller is not required to sign this Authorization as a condition to obtaining any extension of credit from Purchaser. This Authorization
is made at Seller’s request to aid its ability to timely pay amounts due Purchaser.

10.3

Tombstones and Public Filing Disclosures
.

(a)
Purchaser shall be permitted to: (a) disseminate a form of “tombstone” and other related marketing materials or press
releases publicly disclosing the transaction subject to this Agreement and (b) market its and its affiliates’ services to
Seller’s vendors in connection with the rendering of the services under the ePay Agreement.

(b)
Subject to Section 13, Neither party shall disclose the terms of this Agreement to any third party except: (1) Seller may disclose
a copy of this Agreement in connection with any regulatory or other public filings required under any applicable law, 
provided
,
that such disclosure or public filing does not disclose any of the terms set forth in the 
General Rates and Fees 
(appropriate
redaction may be used to comply with this section); (2) either Party may disclose the terms of this Agreement as is necessary
under any applicable law or judicial process (but only to the extent necessary); and (3) Purchaser may disclose the terms of this
Agreement to any of its affiliates or representatives who have a reasonable need to know in connection with the facility set forth
herein or to any actual or potential capital partners.

 

4

 

11.

Electronic Transactions Authorization
. The Parties agree that all business between one another shall be conducted
by electronic means and adopt the provisions of the California Uniform Electronic Transactions Act (UETA) as set forth in California
Civil Code, Division 3, Part 2, Title 2.5, Sections 1633.1 -- 1633.17, inclusive. Each document that is subject to or provided
in furtherance of this Agreement, all documents provided in furtherance thereof, as amended, modified or supplemented from time
to time that a party has sent to the other by electronic means or the Seller has clicked to approve to adopt this Agreement or
Seller submits through the Online Reporting System shall be intended as and constitute an original and deemed to contain a valid
signature for all purposes acknowledging and consenting to the terms of the agreement applicable thereto. In furtherance of the
above, the Seller hereby authorizes Purchaser to regard the Seller’s printed name or electronic approval for any document,
agreement, assignment schedules or invoices as the equivalent of a manual signature by one of the Seller’s authorized officers
or agents. The Seller’s failure to promptly deliver to Purchaser any schedule, report, statement, writing or other information
(“Record”) required by this Agreement or any document related hereto shall not affect, diminish, modify or otherwise
limit Purchaser’s security interests in the Collateral. Purchaser may rely upon, and assume the authenticity of, any such
electronic approval, and any material applicable to such approval as the duly confirmed, authorized and approved signature of
the Seller by the person approving same, shall constitute an “authenticated” record for all purposes (including, without
limitation, the Uniform Commercial Code) and shall satisfy the requirements of any applicable statute of frauds. Seller is not
required to agree to conduct business pursuant to the UETA and the purchase of Accounts of Advance being granted in furtherance
of this Agreement is not conditioned upon Seller agreeing to conduct business in accordance with the UETA. Seller may terminate
this Electronic Transactions Authorization by providing Purchaser with not less than ten (10) days written notice as provided
in Section 35.1, below. Thereafter, Seller shall incur and be responsible to pay Purchaser a “Manual Reporting Fee”
for any Record when submitted to Purchaser.

 

12. 
Covenants
By Seller

12.1.
After written notice by Purchaser to Seller, Seller shall not, without the prior written consent of Purchaser in each instance,
(a) grant any extension of time for payment of any of its Accounts, (b) compromise or settle any of its Accounts for less than
the full amount thereof, (c) release in whole or in part any Payor, or (d) grant any credits, discounts, allowances, deductions,
return authorizations or the like not specifically authorized in the applicable agreement with respect to any of the Accounts.

12.2.
From time to time as requested by Purchaser, at the sole expense of Seller, Purchaser or its designee shall have access, during
reasonable business hours if prior to an Event of Default and at any time if on or after an Event of Default, to all premises
where Collateral is located for the purposes of inspecting (and removing, if after the occurrence and during the continuance of
an Event of Default) any of the Collateral, including Seller’s books and records, and Seller shall permit Purchaser or its
designee to make copies of such books and records or extracts therefrom as Purchaser may request. Without expense to Purchaser,
Purchaser may use any of Seller’s personnel, equipment, including computer equipment, programs, printed output and computer
readable media, supplies and premises for the collection of accounts and realization on other Collateral as Purchaser, in its
sole discretion, deems appropriate. Seller hereby irrevocably authorizes all accountants and third parties to disclose and deliver
to Purchaser at Seller’s expense all financial information, books and records, work papers, management reports and other
information in their possession relating to Seller.

12.3.
Before sending any Invoice to an Account Debtor, Seller shall mark same with a notice of assignment as may be required by Purchaser.

12.4.
Seller shall pay when due all payroll and other material taxes except for those contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves are maintained in accordance with GAAP, and shall provide proof thereof to
Purchaser in such form as Purchaser shall reasonably require.

12.5.
Seller shall not: (a) create, incur, assume or permit to exist, any lien upon or with respect to any assets in which Purchaser
now or hereafter holds as a security interest or (b) incur any indebtedness for borrowed money that has not been disclosed to
Purchaser as of the date hereof.

12.6.
Notwithstanding Seller’s obligation to pay the Misdirected Payment Fee, Seller shall pay to Purchaser on the next banking
day following the date of receipt by Seller, the amount of any payment on account of a Purchased Account.

12.7.

Avoidance Claims

12.7.1.
Seller shall indemnify Purchaser from any loss (including defense costs, expenses and legal fees) arising out of the assertion,
defense, or judgment or otherwise of any Avoidance Claim, and shall pay to Purchaser on demand the amount thereof.

12.7.2.
Seller shall notify Purchaser within two business days after Seller becomes aware of the assertion of an Avoidance Claim.

12.7.3.
This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement.

12.8.

Minimum Utilization
. Seller shall at all times cause the aggregate gross value of Accounts purchased hereunder to be equal
or greater than the amount set forth in the 
General Rates and Fees;
 as Purchasers sole and exclusive remedy any violation
of the foregoing covenant by Seller shall cause the Financing Fees owed hereunder by Seller to be equal to the fees that would
have accrued had Seller not violated this clause unless such shortfall is due to Purchaser’s failure to purchase Accounts
meeting the criteria herein. The typical calculation to determine the fees that would have accrued had Seller not violated this
clause for any applicable calendar month would be as follows: (1) the result of (x) the Maximum Line Amount 
divided by

(y) the Advance Rate 
multiplied by 
(2) Minimum Utilization percentage requirement 
multiplied by
 (3) the monthly
gross Financing Fee rate.

12.9.

No ACH Debit Block
. Seller shall at all times maintain each of its deposit accounts in a manner that allows Purchaser to
utilize the ACH authorization set forth in Section 10 or otherwise herein. Seller shall not use any ACH debit block or any other
service or functionality that prevents Purchaser from initiating and completing electronic debit or credit entries through the
ACH system to any deposit account maintained by Seller.

12.10

Disposal of Assets or Change of Control.
 Seller shall not convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or otherwise
dispose any of its assets in a manner not in the ordinary-course-of-business. Seller shall also notify Purchaser promptly, and
in any event at least thirty (30) days prior to the date of any transaction that results or would result in a Change of Control.

12.11

Financial Reporting
. Seller shall provide to Purchaser, within 30 days of each calendar month end, financial statements
and accounts payable aging reports of Seller and its subsidiaries for such month on a consolidated and consolidating basis, in
accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and otherwise in form reasonably acceptable to Purchaser. Seller shall
promptly provide to Purchaser any other financial reporting or information reasonably requested by Purchaser.

12.12

Payment Services Covenant 
Seller shall at all times this Agreement is in effect:

(a)
not terminate the ePay Agreement; and

(b)
abide by the payment services covenant set forth in the 
General Rates and Fees.

12.13

Registration of Intellectual Property
. Seller shall not register any of its patents, copyrights, or trademarks with any
federal registry, including but not limited to the United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) or the United
States Copyright Office (“USCO”), except to the extent that such registrations are subject to a security agreement
filed with such federal registry, USPTO, or USCO, as applicable in favor of Purchaser as secured party, in form and substance
acceptable to Purchaser in its sole discretion.

12.14

Account Disputes
. Seller shall notify Purchaser promptly of and, if requested by Purchaser, will settle all disputes concerning
any Purchased Account, at Seller’s sole cost and expense. Purchaser may, but is not required to, attempt to settle, compromise,
or litigate (collectively, “Resolve”) the dispute upon such terms, as Purchaser in its sole discretion deem advisable,
for Seller’s account and risk and at Seller’s sole expense. Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, Purchaser
may Resolve such issues with respect to any Account of Seller.

5

 

 

13.

Confidentiality
.

13.1 
Confidential
Information
. “Confidential Information” means any proprietary, confidential and/or trade secret information
of the disclosing Party (“Discloser”) and/or others possessed by the Discloser, including but not limited to (i)
all inventions, discoveries, know-how, techniques, devices, ideas, research, software implementation methods,
practices, processes, systems, formulae, designs, products, projects, computer programs, improvements and developments which
have not been generally available to the public; (ii) all client or customer lists, trade secrets, or other information
pertaining to the financial condition, business affairs or prospects of the Discloser, including, without limitation,
information relative to customers, suppliers or other parties with which the Discloser has a business relationship, samples,
sketches, bulletins, correspondence, company forms and records (including financial statements and product specification
sheets), information concerning sources of supply, costs of manufacture and sale and applications of equipment, whether or
not published or unpublished, confidential or protected or susceptible to protection by patent, trademark, copyright or any
other form of legal protection and whether or not any attempt has been made to secure such protection; (iii) any of the
foregoing information developed by or proprietary to clients or customers of the Discloser; and/or (iv) all information that
a reasonable prudent person would recognize as confidential when provided to Recipient relating to, among other things, the
Discloser’s products, operations, finances, pricing, clients, technology, specifications, manufacturing methods,
know-how, business or marketing plans, or business relationships, Confidential Information may be disclosed either
in documentary form (including without limitation traditional tangible media such as written documents, photographs and
drawings, and intangible media such as diskettes and other magnetic or electronic data), or orally or visually or in other
non-documentary form (including without limitation presentations, displays or inspections of writings, designs, drawings,
photographs, models, prototypes, samples or facilities). The Discloser shall endeavor, but not be required, to stamp
“Confidential Information” on all of its Confidential Information disclosed in documentary form.

13.2 
Exclusions
.
Confidential Information shall not include information that: (a) was in the public domain when disclosed; (b) becomes public
domain after disclosure, other than as a result of the receiving Party’s (“Receiver”) violation of this
Agreement; (c) was in the Receiver’s possession when disclosed and was not acquired directly or indirectly from the
Discloser; (d) is shown by written evidence to have been developed by the Receiver independently after disclosure without
benefit of the Confidential Information; (e) was received after disclosure from a third party who did not require it to be
held in confidence and who did not acquire it directly or indirectly from the Discloser or (f) is required to be disclosed by
any applicable law or judicial process.

13.3

Disclosure, Use 
& 
Care.
 The Receiver: (i) will not disclose Confidential Information (except to its employees,
agents, representatives, or to potential suppliers capital partners or subcontractors which are bound by a written confidentiality
agreement and have a need to know such Confidential Information) and will otherwise comply with Receiver’s obligations under
this Agreement; (ii) will not use Confidential Information except for the purposes contemplated by this Agreement or in connection
with its rights under applicable law; (iii) will use at least the same degree of care to safeguard Confidential Information that
it uses to protect its own confidential and proprietary information, and in any event not less than a reasonable degree of care
under the circumstances; and (iv) will make copies of Confidential Information only as needed for such purpose, all of which shall
include any existing markings indicating that they are Confidential Information of the Discloser, or shall have markings supplied
by the Receiver.

 

14. 
Representation
and Warranties
.
 Seller represents and warrants that:

14.1.

Existence and Power.
 If Seller is a partnership, limited liability company, or corporation, Seller is and will continue
to be duly authorized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization until all
of the Obligations have been paid in full other than contingent indemnification obligations as to which no claims have been asserted.
Seller is and will continue to be qualified and licensed in all jurisdictions in which the nature of the business transacted by
it, or the ownership or leasing of its property, make such qualification of licensing necessary, and Seller has and will continue
to have all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as it is now, or may hereafter be, conducted.

14.2.

Authority.
 Seller is, and will continue to be, duly empowered and authorized to enter into, and grant security interests
in its property, pursuant to and perform its obligations under, this Agreement, and all other instruments and transactions contemplated
hereby or relating hereto. The execution, delivery and performance by Seller of this Agreement, and all other instruments and
transactions contemplated hereby or relating hereto, have been duly and validly authorized, are enforceable against the Seller
in accordance with their terms, and do not and will not violate any law or any provision of, nor be grounds for acceleration under,
any agreement, indenture, note or instrument which is binding upon Seller, or any of its property, including without limitation,
Seller’s Operating Agreement, Partnership Agreement, Articles of Incorporation, By-Laws and any Shareholder Agreements (as
applicable).

14.3.

Name; Trade Names and Styles.
 Seller has set forth above Seller’s absolutely true and correct name. Listed below
in Schedule 14.3 is each prior true name of Seller and each fictitious name, trade name and trade style by which Seller has been,
or is now known, or has previously transacted, or now transacts business, as aforementioned noted. Seller shall provide Purchaser
with thirty (30) days advance written notice before changing its legal name or doing business under any other name, fictitious
name, trade name, or trade style. Seller has complied, and will hereafter comply, with all laws relating to the conduct of business
under, the ownership of property in, and the renewal or continuation of the right to use, a corporate, fictitious or trade name
or trade style.

14.4

Place and Nature of Business; Location of Collateral
. Seller does not engage in any Restricted Industry. Seller’s
books and records including, but not limited to, the books and records relating to Seller’s Accounts, are and will be kept and
maintained at Seller’s Address unless and until Purchaser otherwise consents in writing which shall not be unreasonably
withheld or delayed. In addition to Seller’s Address, Seller has places of Business and Collateral located only at the following
locations, as aforementioned noted. Seller will provide Purchaser with at least thirty (30) days advance written notice in the
event Seller moves the Collateral, or obtains, opens or maintains any new or additional place(s) for the conduct of Seller’s
business or the location of any Collateral, or closes any existing place of business.

14.5

Title to Collateral; Liens
. With the exception of Accounts Purchased hereunder where title vests with Purchaser, Seller
is now, and will at all times hereafter be, the true, lawful and sole owner of all the Collateral., except for the security interest
granted to Purchaser the Collateral now is and will hereafter remain, free and clear of any and all liens, charges, security interests,
encumbrances and adverse claims. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Section, Purchaser now has, and will hereafter
continue to have, a fully perfected and enforceable first priority security interest in all of the Collateral, and Seller will
at all times defend Purchaser and the Collateral against all claims and demands of others.

 

6

 

 

14.6.
Each and every Purchased Account sold and assigned to Purchaser shall, on the date the assignment is made and thereafter, comply
with all of the following representations, warranties and covenants: (a) each Purchased Account represents an undisputed bona
fide existing unconditional obligation of the Account Debtor created by the sale, delivery, and acceptance of goods or the rendition
of services in the ordinary course of Seller’s business; (b) each Purchased Account is owned by Seller free and clear of
any and all deductions, disputes, liens, security interests and encumbrances; (c) the Account Debtor has received and accepted
the goods sold and services rendered which created the Purchased Account and the invoice therefor and will pay the same without
any dispute; (d) no Account Debtor on any Purchased Account is a shareholder, director, partner or agent of Seller, or is a person
or entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with Seller, or is engaged in a Restricted Industry; and (e) no Purchased
Account is owed by an Account Debtor to whom Seller is or may become liable in connection with goods sold or services rendered
by the Account Debtor to Seller or any other transaction or dealing between the Account Debtor and Seller. Immediately upon discovery
by Seller that any of the foregoing representations, warranties, or covenants are or have become untrue with respect to any Purchased
Account, Seller shall immediately give written notice thereof to Purchaser.

14.7.
Seller has not received notice or otherwise learned of actual or imminent bankruptcy, insolvency, or material impairment of the
financial condition of any applicable Account Debtor regarding Purchased Accounts.

14.8

Intellectual Property
. Except as disclosed on Schedule 14.8 attached hereto, Seller does not have any registered patents,
copyrights, trademarks, or material licenses to use trademarks, patents and copyrights of others (excluding off-the-shelf or shrinkwrap
licenses or such other licenses entered into in the ordinary course of Seller’s business.).

 

15. 
Indemnification
. Seller
agrees to indemnify Purchaser against and save Purchaser harmless from any and all manner of suits, claims, liabilities, demands
and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and collection costs) resulting from or arising out of Seller’s breach of this
Agreement, whether directly or indirectly, including the transactions or relationships contemplated hereby (including the enforcement
of this Agreement), and any failure by Seller to perform or observe its obligations under this Agreement (an “Indemnified
Matter”), provided, however, that Seller shall have no liability under this 
Section 15
 to Purchaser with respect to
any Indemnified Matter, and Purchaser shall have no liability with respect to any Indemnified Matter other than (to the extent
otherwise liable) to the extent such liability has resulted from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of Purchaser,
as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final non-appealable judgment or order.

 

16. 
Disclaimer of Liability
.

In no event will either Party be liable to the other for any lost profits, lost savings or other consequential, incidental or special
damages resulting from or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement, the transactions or relationships contemplated hereby
or either Party’s performance or failure to perform hereunder, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of
such damages.

 

17. 
Defaul
t

17.1. 
Events of
Default
. The occurrence of any one of more of the following shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder: (a) Seller fails
to pay or perform any Obligation within 5 Business Days of as and when due; (b) there shall be commenced by or against Seller any
voluntary or involuntary case under the United States Bankruptcy Code, or any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or appointment
of a receiver or custodian for any of its assets, or Seller makes or sends notice of a bulk transfer; (c) Seller or any guarantor
of the Obligations shall become insolvent in that its debts are greater than the fair value of its assets, or Seller is generally
not paying its debts as they become due; (d) any lien, garnishment, attachment, execution or the like is issued against or attaches
to the Seller, the Purchased Accounts, or the Collateral; (e) Seller shall breach any covenant, agreement, warranty, or representation
set forth herein which is not cured within 5 business days; provided, such cure period shall not apply to payment defaults, breaches
of negative covenants, and any other breaches not generally susceptible to a cure period; (f) Seller delivers any document, financial
statement, schedule or report to Purchaser which is false or incorrect in any material respect on or as of the date made or deemed
made; (g) Purchaser, at any time, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, deems itself insecure with respect
to the prospect of repayment or performance of the Obligations; (h) any present or future guarantor of the Obligations revokes,
terminates or fails to perform any of the terms of any guaranty, endorsement or other agreement of such party in favor of Purchaser
or any affiliate of Purchaser or shall notify Purchaser of its intention to rescind, modify, terminate or revoke any guaranty of
the Obligations, or any such guaranty shall cease to be in full force and effect for any reason whatever; or (i) the termination
of any ePay Agreement or the occurrence of any default by Seller under any ePay Agreement.

17.2. 
Waiver of
Notice.
 PURCHASER’S FAILURE TO CHARGE OR ACCRUE INTEREST OR FEES AT ANY “DEFAULT” OR “PAST DUE”
RATE SHALL NOT BE DEEMED A WAIVER BY PURCHASER OF ITS CLAIM THERETO.

17.2.1. The
failure of Purchaser at any time or times hereafter to require Seller strictly to comply with any of the provisions,
warranties, terms or conditions of this Agreement or any other present or future instrument or agreement between Seller and
Purchaser shall not waive or diminish any right of Purchaser thereafter to demand and receive strict compliance therewith and
with any other provision warranty, term and condition; and any waiver of any default shall not waive or affect any other
default, whether prior or subsequent thereto and whether of the same or of a different type. None of the provisions,
warranties, terms or conditions of this Agreement or other instrument or agreement now or hereafter executed by Seller and
delivered to Purchaser shall be deemed to have been waived by any act or knowledge of Purchaser or its agents or employees,
but only by a specific written waiver signed by an officer of Purchaser and delivered to Seller. Seller waives any and all
notices or demands which Seller might be entitled to receive with respect to this Agreement, or any other agreement by virtue
of any applicable law. Seller hereby waives demand, protest, notice of protest and notice of default or dishonor, notice of
payment and nonpayment, release, compromise, settlement, extension or renewal of any commercial paper, instrument, Account,
general intangible, document or guaranty at any time held by Purchaser on which Seller is or may in any way be liable, and
notice of any action taken by Purchaser unless expressly required by this Agreement. Seller hereby ratifies and confirms
whatever Purchaser may do pursuant to this Agreement and agrees that Purchaser shall not be liable for the safekeeping of the
Collateral or any loss or damage thereto, or diminution in value thereof, from any cause whatsoever, any act or omission of
any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agent or other person, or any act of commission or any omission by Purchaser or
its officers, employees, agents, or attorneys, or any of its or their errors of judgment or mistakes of fact or of law.

 

7

 

 

17.3. 
Effect
of Defaul
t

17.3.1. Upon the occurrence
and continuance of any Event of Default, in addition to any rights Purchaser has under this Agreement or applicable law, Purchaser
may immediately terminate this Agreement, at which time all Obligations shall immediately become due and payable without notice.

17.3.2. The Late Charge
shall accrue and is payable on demand on any Obligation not paid when due.

 

18. 
Remedies

18.1 
Generally. 
Upon
the occurrence and continuance of any Event of Default, and at any time thereafter, Purchaser, at its option, and
without notice or demand of any kind (all of which are hereby expressly waived by Seller) may do any one or more of the
following: (a) Cease advancing money or extending credit to or for the benefit of Seller under this Agreement, and any other
document or agreement; (b) Accelerate and declare all or any part of the Obligations to be immediately due, payable, and
performable, notwithstanding any deferred or installment payments allowed by any instrument evidencing or relating to any
Obligation as well as charging the Default Rate on the Obligations above and in addition to any applicable rate hereunder;
(c) Take possession of any or all of the Collateral wherever it may be found, and for that purpose Seller hereby authorizes
Purchaser without judicial process to enter onto any of the Seller’s premises without hindrance to search for, take
possession of, keep, store, or remove any of the Collateral and remain on such premises or cause a custodian to remain
thereon in exclusive control thereof without charge for so long as Purchaser deems necessary in order to complete the
enforcement of its rights under this Agreement or any other agreement; provided, however, that should Purchaser seek to take
possession of any or all of the Collateral by Court process or through a receiver, Seller hereby irrevocably waives: (i) any
bond and any surety or security relating thereto required by any statute, court rule or otherwise as an incident to such
possession; (ii) any demand for possession prior to the commencement of any suit or action to recover possession thereof; and
(iii) any requirement that Purchaser retain possession of and not dispose of any such Collateral until after trial or final
judgment; (d) Require Seller to assemble any or all of the Collateral and make it available to Purchaser at a place or places
to be designated by Purchaser which is reasonably convenient to Purchaser and Seller, and to remove the Collateral to such
locations as Purchaser may deem advisable; (e) Place a receiver in exclusive control of Seller’s business and/or any or
all of the Collateral. In order to assist Purchaser in enforcing its rights and remedies; (f) Sell, reclaim, lease or
otherwise dispose of all or any portion of the Collateral in its condition at the lime Purchaser obtains possession or after
further manufacturing, processing or repair; at any one or more public and/or private sale(s) (including execution sales); in
lots or in bulk; for cash, exchange for other property or on credit; and to adjourn any such sale from time to time
without notice other than oral announcement at the time scheduled for sale. Purchaser shall have the right to conduct such
disposition on Seller’s premises without charge for such time or times as Purchaser deems fit, or on Purchaser’s
premises, or elsewhere and the Collateral need not be located at the place of disposition. Purchaser may directly or through
any affiliated company purchase or lease any Collateral at any such public disposition and, if permissible under applicable
law, at any private disposition. Any sale or other disposition of Collateral shall not relieve Seller of any liability Seller
may have if any Collateral is defective as to title or physical condition at the time of sale; (g) Demand payment of, and
collect any Accounts, Instruments, Chattel Paper, Supporting Obligations and General Intangibles comprising part or all of
the Collateral; or (h) Demand and receive possession of any of Seller’s federal and state income tax returns and the
books, records and accounts utilized in the preparation thereof or referring thereto. Any and all legal fees, expenses,
costs, liabilities and obligations incurred by Purchaser with respect to the foregoing shall be added to and become part of
the Obligations and shall be due on demand.

18.2 
Application
of Proceeds.
 The proceeds received by Purchaser from the disposition of or collection of any of the Collateral shall be applied
to such extent and in such manner as Purchaser shall determine in its sole discretion. If any deficiency shall arise, Seller shall
remain liable to Purchaser therefore. In the event that, as a result of the disposition of any of the Collateral, Purchaser directly
or indirectly enters into a credit transaction with any third party, Purchaser shall have the option, exercisable at any time,
in its sole discretion, of either reducing the Obligations by the principal amount of such credit transaction or deferring the
reduction thereof until the actual receipt by Purchaser of cash therefore from such third party.

18.3 
Online Access.

Upon an Event of Default, all of Seller’s rights and access to any online internet services that Purchaser makes available
to Seller shall be provisional pending Seller’s curing of all such Events of Default. During such period of time, Purchaser
may limit or terminate Seller’s access to online services. Seller acknowledges that the information Purchaser makes available
to Seller through online internet access, both before and after an Event of Default, constitutes and satisfies any duty to respond
to a request for accounting or request regarding a statement of account that is referenced in the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted
in the State of California.

18.4 
Standards
of Commercial Reasonableness.
 After an Event of Default, the Parties acknowledge that it shall be presumed commercially reasonable
and Purchaser shall have no duty to undertake to collect any Account, including those in which Purchaser receives information
from an Account Debtor that a dispute exists. Furthermore, in the event Purchaser undertakes to collect or enforce an obligation
of an Account Debtor or any other person obligated on the Collateral and ascertains that the possibility of collection is outweighed
by the likely costs and expenses that will be incurred, Purchaser may at any such time cease any further collection efforts and
such action shall be considered commercially reasonable. Before Seller may, under any circumstances, seek to hold Purchaser responsible
for taking any commercially unreasonable action, Seller shall first notify Purchaser in writing, of all of the reasons why Seller
believes Purchaser has acted in any commercially unreasonable manner and advise Purchaser of the action that Seller believes Purchaser
should take.

18.5 
Remedies
Cumulative.
 In addition to the rights and remedies set forth in this Agreement, Purchaser shall have all other rights
and remedies accorded a secured party under the Uniform Commercial Code as enacted in California and under any and all other
applicable laws and in any other instrument or agreement now or hereafter entered into between Purchaser and Seller and all
of such rights and remedies are cumulative and none is exclusive. Exercise or partial exercise by Purchaser of one or more of
its rights or remedies shall not be deemed an election, nor bar Purchaser from subsequent exercise or partial exercise of any
other rights or remedies. The failure or delay of Purchaser to exercise any rights or remedies shall not operate as a waiver
thereof, but all rights and remedies shall continue in full force and effect until all of the Obligations have been fully
paid and performed.

 

19. 
Account Stated
.
 Purchaser
shall render to Seller a statement setting forth the transactions arising hereunder. Each statement shall be considered correct
and binding upon Seller as an account stated, except to the extent that Purchaser receives, within sixty (60) days after the mailing
of such statemen written notice from Seller of any specific exceptions by Seller to that statement, and then it shall be binding
against Seller as to any items to which it has not objected.

 

20. 
Amendment and
Waiver
.
 Only a writing signed by all Parties hereto may amend this Agreement; provided with respect to each Seller,
such writing may be executed by Administrative Seller on behalf of all Sellers. No failure or delay in exercising any right
hereunder shall impair any such right that Purchaser may have, nor shall any waiver by Purchaser hereunder be deemed a waiver
of any default or breach subsequently occurring. Purchaser’s rights and remedies herein are cumulative and not
exclusive of each other or of any rights or remedies that Purchaser would otherwise have.

 

8

 

 

21. 
Termination; Effective Date
.

21.1. Subject to the
Early Termination Fee, this Agreement will be effective on the date it is signed by the Parties, shall continue for the Term, and
shall be automatically extended for successive Terms unless Seller shall provide 60 days prior written notice to Purchaser of its
intention to terminate whereupon this Agreement shall terminate on the date set forth in said notice (an “Early Termination
Date”) upon successful repayment of all outstanding Obligations.

21.2. Purchaser may
terminate this Agreement and demand immediate payment of all outstanding Obligations at any time and for any reason; provided,
so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, Purchaser shall give Administrative Seller 60 days prior written
notice of electing termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section 21.2.

 

22. 
No Lien Termination without Release
.

In recognition of the Purchaser’s right to have its legal fees and other expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement
secured by the Collateral, notwithstanding payment in full of all Obligations by Seller, Purchaser shall not be required to record
any terminations or satisfactions of any of Purchaser’s liens on the Collateral unless and until Complete Termination has occurred
at which time Purchaser shall record any and all terminations or satisfactions of any and all of Purchaser’s liens on the
Collateral as reasonably necessary. Seller understands that this provision constitutes a waiver of its rights under §9-513
of the UCC.

 

23. 
Conflict
.
 Unless otherwise
expressly stated in any other agreement between Purchaser and Seller, if a conflict exists between the provisions of this Agreement
and the provisions of such other agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall control.

 

24. 
Severability
.
 In the
event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect,
then such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, and the validity, legality, and
enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

 

25. 
Enforcement
.
 This Agreement
and all agreements relating to the subject matter hereof is the product of negotiation and preparation by and among each party
and its respective attorneys, and shall be construed accordingly.

 

26. 
Relationship of Parties
.

The relationship of the Parties hereto shall be that of Seller and Purchaser of Accounts, and Purchaser shall not be a fiduciary
of the Seller, although Seller may be a fiduciary of the Purchaser.

 

27. 
Legal Fees
.
 Seller agrees
to reimburse Purchaser on demand for:

27.1. The actual amount
of all costs and expenses, including legal fees, which Purchaser has incurred or may incur in;

27.1.1. Negotiating,
preparing, or administering this Agreement and any documents prepared in connection herewith; Any way arising out of or in connection
with this Agreement, and whether or not arising out of a dispute which does not involve Purchaser; provided, Purchaser acknowledges
that the legal fee costs reimbursable to Purchaser up to and including the date hereof is $0;

27.1.2. Protecting,
preserving or enforcing any lien, security or other right granted by Seller to Purchaser or arising under applicable law, whether
or not suit is brought, including but not limited to the defense of any Avoidance Claims or the defense of Purchaser’s lien
priority;

27.2. The actual costs,
including photocopying (which, if performed by Purchaser’s employees, shall be at the rate of $.10/page), travel, and legal
fees and expenses incurred in complying with any subpoena or other legal process in any way relating to Seller. This provision
shall survive termination of this Agreement until payment of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations
for which no claims has been asserted); and

27.3. The actual amount
of all costs and expenses, including legal fees, which Purchaser may incur in enforcing this Agreement and any documents prepared
in connection herewith, or in connection with any federal or state insolvency proceeding commenced by or against Seller, including
but not limited to those (a) arising out the automatic stay, (b) seeking dismissal or conversion of the bankruptcy proceeding,
(c) opposing confirmation of Seller’s plan thereunder, or (d) validating Purchaser’s security interest or lien priority
with respect to the Collateral.

 

28. 
Entire Agreement
.
 No
promises of any kind have been made by Purchaser or any third party to induce Seller to execute this Agreement. No course of dealing,
course of performance or trade usage, and no parole evidence of any nature, shall be used to supplement or modify any terms of
this Agreement.

 

29. 
Choice of Law
.
 This Agreement
and all transactions contemplated hereunder and/or evidenced hereby shall be governed by, construed under, and enforced in accordance
with the internal laws of the Chosen State.

 

30. 
Jury Trial Waiver
.

EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL
BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY), THE OBLIGATIONS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY OR THE PARTIES
ACTIONS IN THE NEGOTIATION, ADMINISTRATION, OR ENFORCEMENT HEREOF OR THEREOF. THE PARTIES EACH ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SUCH WAIVER
IS MADE WITH FULL KNOWLEDGE AND UNDERSTANDING OF THE NATURE OF THE RIGHTS AND BENEFITS WAIVED HEREBY, AND WITH THE BENEFIT OF
ADVICE OF COUNSEL OF ITS CHOOSING. THE PARTIES EACH ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO ENTER INTO A
BUSINESS RELATIONSHIP THAT EACH HAS ALREADY RELIED ON THE WAIVER IN ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THAT EACH WILL CONTINUE
TO RELY ON THE WAIVER IN THEIR RELATED FUTURE DEALINGS.

 

IN THE EVENT THAT ANY PARTY HERETO
ELECTS TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA, RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE OBLIGATIONS,
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED SOLELY THROUGH A JUDICIAL REFEREE AS PROVIDED IN CALIFORNIA
CODE OF CIVIL PROCEDURE SECTIONS 638 THROUGH 645.1. THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE TO THE APPOINTMENT OF JAMS AS THE REFEREE
APPOINTMENT TO CONDUCT THE TRIAL AND SUCH RELATED PROCEEDINGS. THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THE FILING OF ANY PRE-TRIAL MOTION OR
ANY PRE-TRIAL PROVISIONAL REMEDY SHALL NOT OPERATE AS A WAIVER OF EACH PARTY’S RIGHT TO TRIAL SOLELY THROUGH A JUDICIAL
REFEREE. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE JUDICIAL REFEREE WILL LIKELY CHARGE FEES AND COSTS OVER AND ABOVE THOSE NORMALLY
CHARGED BY A COURT. THE PARTIES AGREE TO INITIALLY EVENLY SPLIT THE FEES AND COSTS OF SUCH REFEREE BETWEEN THE PARTIES,
SUBJECT TO SUCH FURTHER RULINGS BY THE REFEREE.

 

 

9

 

 

31. 
Venue; Jurisdiction
.

Any suit, action or proceeding arising hereunder, or the interpretation, performance or breach hereof, shall, if Purchaser so elects,
be instituted in any court sitting in the Chosen State, in the city in which Purchaser’s chief executive office is located,
or if none, any court sitting in the Chosen State (the “Acceptable Forums”). Seller agrees that the Acceptable Forums
are convenient to it, and submits to the jurisdiction of the Acceptable Forums and waives any and all objections to jurisdiction
or venue. Should such proceeding be initiated in any other forum, Seller waives any right to oppose any motion or application made
by Purchaser to transfer such proceeding to an Acceptable Forum.

 

32. 
Service of Process
.
 Seller
agrees that Purchaser may effect service of process upon Seller by regular mail at the address set forth herein or at such other
address as may be reflected in the records of Purchaser, or at the option of Purchaser by service upon Seller’s agent for
the service of process.

 

33. 
Assignment
.
 Purchaser
may assign its rights and delegate its duties hereunder. Upon such assignment, Seller shall be deemed to have attorned to such
assignee and shall owe the same obligations to such assignee and shall accept performance hereunder by such assignee as if such
assignee were Purchaser.

 

34. 
Counterparts
.
 This Agreement
may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as if all signatures were
upon the same instrument. Delivery of an executed counterpart of the signature page to this Agreement by facsimile shall be effective
as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, and any party delivering such an executed counterpart of the
signature page to this Agreement by facsimile to any other party shall thereafter also promptly deliver a manually executed counterpart
of this Agreement to such other party, provided that the failure to deliver such manually executed counterpart shall not affect
the validity, enforceability, or binding effect of this Agreement.

 

35. 
Notice, Administrative Seller,
and Joint and Several Liability of Each Seller
.

35.1. All notices
required to be given to any party other than Purchaser shall be deemed given upon the first to occur of (a) a deposit thereof in
a receptacle under the control of the United States Postal Service, (b) transmittal by electronic means to a receiver under the
control of such party, or (c) actual receipt by such party or an employee or agent of such party. All notices to Purchaser shall
be deemed given upon actual receipt by a responsible officer of Purchaser.

35.2. For the purposes
hereof, notices hereunder shall be sent to the addresses set forth as Contact Addresses on the face page hereof, or to such other
addresses as each such party may in writing hereafter indicate.

 

35.3 
Administrative
Seller
.
 Each Seller hereunder hereby irrevocably appoints Administrative Seller as the agent and attorney-in-fact
for each such party which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until Purchaser shall have received
prior written notice signed by each Seller that such appointment has been revoked and that another specified Seller has been
appointed Administrative Seller. Each Seller hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Seller: (a) to
provide Purchaser with all notices under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and any notice or instruction provided
by Administrative Seller shall be deemed to be given by each Seller hereunder and shall bind each Seller) (b) to enter into
any amendments to this Agreement on behalf of each Seller, (c) to receive notices and instructions from Purchaser (and any
notice or instruction provided by Purchaser to the Administrative Seller in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed
to have been given to each Seller), and (d) to take such action as the Administrative Seller deems appropriate on its behalf
lo obtain credit hereunder and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes
of this Agreement. It is understood that the handling of the loan account and Collateral in a combined fashion, as more fully
set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to each Seller in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of
Seller in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that Purchaser shall not incur liability to any
Seller as a result hereof. Each Seller expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the loan
account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Seller is dependent on the continued
successful performance of the integrated group. To induce the Purchaser to do so, and in consideration thereof, each Seller
hereby jointly and severally agrees to indemnify Purchaser and hold Purchaser harmless against any and all liability,
expense, loss or claim of damage or injury, made against Purchaser by any Seller or by any third party whosoever, arising
from or incurred by reason of (i) the handling of the loan account and Collateral of each Seller as herein provided, or (ii)
Purchaser relying on any instructions of the Administrative Seller.

35.4 
Joint and
Several Liability of Each Seller
.
 Each Seller is accepting joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan
Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations to be provided by Purchaser under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit,
directly and indirectly, of each Seller and in consideration of the undertakings of the other Sellers to accept joint and several
liability for the Obligations. Each Seller, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as
a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other Sellers, with respect to the payment and performance
of all of the Obligations (including any Obligations arising under this Section 35.4), it being the intention of the Parties hereto
that all the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each Seller without preferences or distinction among them.
If and to the extent that any Seller shall fail to make any payment with respect 
to
 any of the Obligations as and when due
or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event the other Seller or Sellers
will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligation until such time as all of the Obligations are paid in full.
The Obligations of each Seller under the provisions of this Section 35.4 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse
Obligations of each Seller enforceable against each Seller to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the
validity, regularity or enforceability of the provisions of this Agreement (other than this Section 35.4) or any other circumstances
whatsoever.

 

 

10

 

 

36. 
Definitions and Index to Definitions
.

The following terms used within this Agreement shall have the following meaning. All capitalized terms not defined within this
Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Uniform Commercial Code:

(a) “Additional Financing Fee”
- As stated within the General Rates and Fees, or 30 days based on a 30 day month and 360 day year if unstated.

(b) “Advance” - The funding
of the Purchase Price

(c) “Advance Rate” - As
stated in the General Rates and Fees.

(d) “Avoidance Claim” - Any
claim that any lien or payment received by Purchaser is avoidable under the Bankruptcy Code, any other debtor relief statute, including
fraudulent conveyance claims, or through receivership, assignment for the benefit of creditors or any equivalent type payment recovery
laws, rules or regulations intended to benefit creditors.

(e) “Base Fees” - Initial Financing
Fee and Additional Financing Fee (not to overlap.)

(f) “Change of Control” - means
the person or entity constituting the majority ultimate beneficial owner of the voting equity interests of Seller (or having the
ability to elect a majority of the board of directors of Seller) as of the date hereof no longer constituting the majority ultimate
beneficial owner of the voting equity interests of Seller {or having the ability to elect a majority of the board of directors
of Seller).

(g) “Chosen State” - California.

(h) “Clearance Days”
- None.

(i) “Closed” - A
Purchased Account is closed upon receipt of full payment by Purchaser from a Payor or from the Seller (including its being
charged to the Reserve Account).

(j) “Collateral” - All of
Seller’s now owned and hereafter acquired personal property including, without limitation, all Accounts, Chattel Paper,
Contracts, Deposit Accounts, Inventory, Equipment, Instruments, Investment Property, Documents, Letter of Credit Rights,
Commercial Tort Claims, General Intangibles (including Intellectual Property but excluding any intent-to-use trademark
applications for which non statement of use has been filed), and all proceeds of each of the foregoing.

(k) “Complete
Termination” - Complete Termination occurs upon satisfaction of the following conditions: (1) Payment in full of all
Obligations of Seller to Purchaser; and (2) If Purchaser has issued or caused to be issued guarantees, promises, or letters
of credit on behalf of Seller, then Seller has delivered (A) acknowledgement from any beneficiaries thereof that Purchaser or
any other issuer has no outstanding direct or contingent liability therein, (B) cash collateral for such guarantees,
promises, or letters of credit, or (C) back-stop letters of credit for such guarantees, promises, or letters of credit.

(l) “Concentration Limit” -
As stated within the 
General Rates and Fees,
 or 25% of the entire amount outstanding from Seller. The concentration limit
refers to the percentage any debt from a single debtor has over the total amount outstanding from Seller’s Purchased Accounts.

(m) “Contracts” - all now owned
and hereafter acquired loan agreements, Accounts, revolving credit agreements, installment sale contracts, Instruments, notes,
documents, chattel paper, and all other forms of obligations owing to Seller, including any collateral for any of the foregoing,

(n) “Default Rate” - the lesser
of: (1) 1% per month on the gross amount of Invoices and (2) the highest default rate permitted by applicable law; the foregoing
Default Rate is in addition to any standard rate accruing hereunder.

(o) “Early Termination Date”
- see Section 21.1 hereof.

(p) “Early Termination Fee”
- As stated in the General 
Rates and
 Fees.

(q) “Eligible Account” - An
Account that is acceptable for purchase as determined by Purchaser in the exercise of its reasonable sole credit or business judgment

(r) “ePay Agreement” - means
any SaaS agreement, ePay SaaS agreement, or similar agreement regarding Purchaser or Purchaser’s affiliates’ ePay services
entered into between any Seller and Purchaser or Purchaser’s affiliates (including but not limited to FastPay Payment Technologies
Inc.), and any agreements related thereto, including but not limited to any agreements or terms & conditions between Seller
and any of Purchaser or Purchaser’s affiliates’ card or Issuing bank partners.

(s) “Events of Default” - See
Section 17.1.

(t) “Exposed Payments” - Payments
received by Purchaser from or for the account of a Payor that has become subject to a bankruptcy proceeding, to the extent such
payments cleared the Payor’s deposit account within ninety (90) days of the commencement of said bankruptcy case.

(u) “Face Amount” - the amount
initially invoiced on an Account at the time of purchase.

(v) 
“Facility Rate”
- if applicable, as set forth In the 
General Rates and Fees.

(w) “Financing Fee(s)” - Refers
to the Initial Financing Fee or Additional Financing Fee and means the Percentage in the amount aforementioned multiplied by the
Face Amount of a Purchased Account, for each Financing Fee Period or portion thereof, that any portion thereof remains unpaid,
computed from the end of the Initial Fee Period to and including the date on which a Purchased Account is Closed.

(x) “Initial Financing
Fee” - The first 30 days after the Purchase Price is paid to Seller or credited by Purchaser to Seller’s Reserve
Account based on a 30 day month and 360 day year unless explicitly overridden within the 
General Rates and Fees.

(y) “Intellectual Property”
- all intellectual and similar property, including inventions, designs, patents, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, trade names,
trade secrets, confidential or proprietary information, customer lists, know-how, software and databases; all embodiments or fixations
thereof and all related documentation, applications, registrations and franchises; all licenses or other rights to use any of the
foregoing; and all books and records relating to the foregoing.

(z) “Invoice” - The document
that evidences or is intended to evidence an Account. Where the context so requires, reference to an Invoice shall be deemed to
refer to the Account, Eligible Account or Purchased Account to which it relates.

(aa) “Late Charge” - None.

(bb) “Late Payment Date” -
Ninety (90) days from the date on which a Purchased Account was Purchased.

(cc) “LIBOR Rate” -
means, for any calendar month, the greater of: (a) two and one half percent (2.75%) per annum, and (b) the three (3) month
U.S. LIBOR rate per annum as reported on Reuters Screen LIBOR01 page (or any successor page) two (2) Business Days prior to
the commencement of such calendar month (and, if any such rate is below zero, the LIBOR Rate shall be deemed to be zero),
which determination shall be made by Purchaser and shall be conclusive in the absence of demonstrable error. In the event the
LIBOR Rate is unavailable for any reason, reasonably Purchaser may use a replacement index as determined by Purchaser in its
sole discretion.

(dd) “Misdirected Payment Fee”
- Unless otherwise stated in the 
General Rates and Fees,
 20% of the amount of any payment (but in no event less than $1,000)
on account of a Purchased Account which has been received by Seller and not delivered in kind to Purchaser on the next business

day
 following the date of receipt by Seller, or 30% of the amount of any such payment which has been received by Seller
as a result of any action taken by Seller to cause such payment to be made to Seller.

 

11

 

 

(ee) “Obligations” - All
present and future payment obligations owing by Seller to Purchaser whether arising hereunder or otherwise, and whether
arising before, during or after the commencement of 
any
 Bankruptcy Case in which Seller is a Debtor. Without limiting
the generality hereof, Seller acknowledges and agrees that the term “Obligations” shall also include: (1) any
obligations of Seller under any ePay Agreement, including any extensions of credit or advances in connection therewith (or
any guarantees by Purchaser or its affiliates of the foregoing); (2) any payment obligations owed by Seller to any payee or
vendor of Seller that is paid by Purchaser or any of Purchaser’s affiliates or partners; and (3) all ledger debt of
Seller, which shall mean and include all indebtedness of Seller now or hereafter owing to a third party, which Purchaser has
heretofore or hereafter purchases from such third party, acquires by way of assignment, or in which Purchaser has heretofore
or hereafter acquires a security interest, whether as a result of Purchaser financing the accounts receivable of such third
party or otherwise. Seller acknowledges that Purchaser will be relying upon this provision in financing the accounts
receivable of such third parties (consisting of indebtedness and obligations now or hereafter due from Seller to such third
parties), as well as in permitting Account Debtor’s to incur other indebtedness due to Seller, but nothing herein shall
constitute a commitment of any kind by Purchaser to factor or finance the accounts receivable of any third party to the
extent they represent amounts owing by Seller to such third parties.

(ff) “Parties” - Seller and
Purchaser.

(gg) “Payor” - An Account Debtor
or other obligor on an Account, or entity making payment thereon for the account of such 
party.

(hh) “Purchase Date” - The
date on which Seller has been advised in writing that Purchaser has agreed to purchase an Account.

(ii) “Purchase Price” - The
Face Amount of a Purchased Account.

(jj) “Purchased Accounts” -
Accounts purchased hereunder which have not been Closed.

(kk) “Repurchased” - An Account
has been repurchased when Seller has paid to Purchaser the then unpaid Face Amount.

(ll) “Required Reserve Amount”
- The Reserve Percentage multiplied by the unpaid balance of Purchased Accounts.

(mm) “Reserve Account” - A
bookkeeping account on the books of the Purchaser representing the portion of the Purchase Price which has not been paid by Purchaser
to Seller, maintained by Purchaser to ensure Seller’s performance with the provisions hereof,

(nn) “Reserve Percentage” -
100% less the Advance Rate. The Reserve Percentage may be increased or decreased at any lime in Purchaser’s sole discretion.

(oo) “Reserve Shortfall” -
The amount by which the Reserve Account is less than the Required Reserve Amount.

(pp) “Restricted Industry”
- any of the following industries: adult entertainment, firearm or ammunition sales or manufacturing, or gaming/gambling.

(qq) “Term” - Two Years.

(rr) “UCC” - The Uniform
Commercial Code as adopted in the Chosen State.

 

[SIGNATURES AGREEING TO THE STANDARD TERMS
AND CONDITIONS APPEAR ON THE FIRST PAGE]

 

12

 

 

SCHEDULE 14.3

PRIOR NAMES, FICTITIOUS NAMES, TRADE
NAMES, AND TRADE STYLES OF EACH SELLER

 

[SELLER TO LIST DISCLOSURES, IF NONE, SHOULD
SAY “NONE”]

 

13

 

  

SCHEDULE 14.8

DISCLOSURE OF REGISTERED PATENTS,
COPYRIGHTS, AND TRADEMARKS

 

[SELLER TO MAKE DISCLOSURES, ORGANIZED PER SELLER ENTITY. IF
“NONE’ FOR ANY CATEGORY, STATE AS SUCH]

 

PATENTS AND PATENT APPLICATIONS

 

Registration
 # (or Application #) and
 Date

 

Title

 

Owner of Record

 

Country

9,591,360   3/7/2017

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,450,996   9/20/2016

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,380,089   6/28/2016

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,380,088   6/28/2016

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,378,004   6/28/2016

 

Downloading data to a mobile device

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,350,777   5/24/2016

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,349,138   5/24/2016

 

System and method for streaming media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,135,636   9/15/2015

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,135,635   9/15/2015

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,077,798   2/20/2008

 

Automatic provisioning of abbreviated dialing codes

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,026,673   5/5/2015

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,954,047   2/10/2015

 

Searching for mobile content

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,880,031   11/4/2014

 

System of providing information to a telephony subscriber

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,862,115   10/14/2014

 

Over the air provisioning of mobile device settings

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,825,887   9/2/2014

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,787,878   7/22/2014

 

System of providing information to a

telephony subscriber

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,787,877   7/22/2014

 

System of providing information to a telephony subscriber

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,554,940   10/8/2013

 

System and method for routing media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,457,619   6/4/2013

 

Searching for mobile content

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

 

14

 

 

8,396,764   3/12/2013

 

Transmitting mobile device data

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,170,541   5/1/2012

 

Searching for mobile content

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,041,341   10/18/2011

 

System of providing information to a telephony subscriber

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,015,307   9/6/2011

 

System and method for streaming media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,865,182   1/4/2011

 

Over the air provisioning of mobile device settings

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,865,181   1/4/2011

 

Searching for mobile content

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,813,716   10/12/2010

 

Method of providing information to a telephony subscriber

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,783,729   08/24/2010

 

Transmitting mobile device data

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,689,706

 

System and method for streaming media

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

5,752,186   05/12/1998

 

ACCESS FREE WIRELESS TELEPHONY FULFILLMENT SERVICE SYSTEM

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

5,867,780   02/02/1999

 

ACCESS FREE WIRELESS TELEPHONY FULFILLMENT SERVICE SYSTEM

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

6,397,057   05/28/2002

 

(CON1) SYSTEM AND METHOD OF PROVIDING ADVERTISING INFORMATION TO A SUBSCRIBER THROUGH A WIRELESS DEVICE

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

6,411,803   06/25/2002

 

(CON2) SYSTEM AND METHOD OF PROVIDING SERVICE INFORMATION TO A SUBSCRIBER THROUGH A WIRELESS DEVICE

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,054,949   05/30/2006

 

09/838,993 SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR STREAMING MEDIA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,191,244   03/13/2007

 

10/051,406 SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ROUTING MEDIA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,565,141   07/21/2009

 

(NP) OVER THE AIR PROVISIONING OF MOBILE DEVICE SETTINGS

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

7,181,200   
02/20/2007

 

(CON2) METHOD OF PROVIDING INFORMATION TO A TELEPHONY SUBSCRIBER

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,998,585   06/12/2018

 

(NP) CONTENT SELECTION AND DELIVERY OF COMPLEMENTARY INFORMATION

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP,LLC

 

USA

9,674,575   06/06/2017

 

SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ROUTING MEDIA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

8,494,493   07/23/2013

 

(NP) MOBILE MACHINE

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

,936,080     04/03/2018

 

(CON) ADVERTISING ON MOBILE DEVICES

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

 

15

 

  

9,654,897    05/16/2017

 

(CON 2) TRANSMITTING MOBILE DEVICE DATA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

10,104,513  10/16/2018

 

(CON) MOBILE MACHINE

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,778,925    10/03/2017

 

(CON2) DOWNLOADING DATA TO A MOBILE DEVICE

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

9,756,362    09/05/2017

 

(CON10) SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ROUTING MEDIA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

10,009,637  06/26/2018

 

(CON 11) SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ROUTING MEDIA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

10,123,151  11/06/2018

 

(CON3) DOWNLOADING DATA TO A MOBILE DEVICE

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

10,171,846  01/01/2019

 

(CON 12) SYSTEM AND METHOD FOR ROUTING MEDIA

 

Sito Mobile R&D IP, LLC

 

USA

 

COPYRIGHTS AND COPYRIGHT APPLICATIONS

 

Registration
 # (or Application #) and
 
 
Date

 

Copyright

 

Owner of Record

 

Country

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

None

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

TRADEMARKS OR TRADEMARK APPLICATIONS

 

Registration
 # (or Application #1) and

 Date

 

Mark

 

Owner of Record

 

Country

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

None

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

MATERIAL INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY LICENSES

 

Joint License Agreement between SITO Mobile R&D
IP, LLC and Personalized Media Communications, LLC dated as of April 21, 2014.

 

[SELLER TO DISCLOSE PER SELLER ENTITY]

 

16