EX-10.17

3

fs42021a1ex10-17_revolution.htm

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED OCTOBER 25, 2013, BETWEEN BERKSHIRE GREY AND THOMAS WAGNER

Exhibit 10.17 

 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

 

THIS EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (the 
"Employment Agreement") 
is entered into as of October 25, 2013, between Berkshire Grey, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, with a principal place of business at c/o Rich May, P.C., 176 Federal Street, Boston, MA 02110 (the 
"Company")

and Thomas Wagner, an individual, with an address of 97 Alden Road, Concord, MA 01742 (the 
"Employee").

 

WHEREAS, the Company
is entering into a certain financing transaction with Khosla Ventures Seed B, LP and Khosla Ventures Seed B (CF), LP, or affiliates thereof
(collectively, 
"Kholsa Ventures"), 
pursuant to which Kholsa Ventures shall purchase 2,212,389 shares of the Company's
Series A Preferred Stock (the 
"First Tranche"), 
and may purchase up to 2,403,846 shares of the Company's Series A-1 Preferred
Stock (the 
"Second Tranche,"
 and collectively with the First Tranche, the 
"Transaction"
 );

 

WHEREAS, Employee
owns 2,597,152 shares (the 
"Shares") 
of the Company's Common Stock, $.00 I par value (the 
"Common Stock"),

which represents all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company's Common Stock as of the date hereof;

 

WHEREAS, as a condition
of Kholsa Ventures entering into the Transaction, from which Employee will derive substantial benefit, it was agreed that up to 1,947,864
of the Shares (the 
"Repurchase Shares") 
would become subject to certain forfeiture rights in favor of the Company, and
that Employee would become subject to the terms set forth in this Employment Agreement; and

 

WHEREAS, the Company
and Employee each desire to enter into this Employment Agreement concerning Employee's employment with the Company.

 

NOW, THEREFORE,
in consideration of the mutual covenants herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is acknowledged by both parties, the Company and Employee agree as follows:

 

1. 
Employment.

The Company will employ Employee and Employee will serve the Company as the Company's Chief Executive Officer 
("CEO"), 
all
upon the terms and conditions provided herein, and Employee shall be entitled to serve on the Board pursuant to the Voting Agreement of
even date herewith executed in connection with the Transaction.

 

2.

Duties.
 Employee will report to and be subject to the ultimate authority of the board of directors (the 
"Board")

of the Company. Employee will be responsible for (i) developing of strategic direction and vision, (ii) interfacing and business
development (high level) with customers and potential customers in sectors potentially including industry and government, (iii) as appropriate,
forming high-level strategic relationships with other companies, individuals, universities and technology centers, (iv) recruiting of
team, (v) developing corporate culture and setting, (vi) selectively being the public face of the Company and a recognized thought leader,
(vii) prioritizing work flow, (viii) managing 
 
operations and resources, (ix) making and executing major corporate decisions,
(x) obtaining financing from investors and generating revenue streams, (xi) interfacing with the Board, and (xii) and carrying out such
other duties consistent with the position of CEO as are delegated to Employee from time to time by the Board.

 

 

3. 
Term.

The Employee's employment shall be "at will," meaning that either the Employee or the Company shall be entitled to terminate
the Employee's employment at any time and for any reason, with or without Cause (as defined below). Any contrary representations that
may have been made to you shall be superseded by this Employment Agreement. This Employment Agreement shall constitute the full and complete
agreement between the Employee and the Company on the "at-will" nature of the Employee's employment, which may only be changed
in an express written agreement signed by the Employee and a duly authorized officer of the Company.

 

4. 
Commitment
of Employee.
 During the term of this Employment Agreement, Employee will devote such time to the Company as is reasonably necessary
to perform his duties as CEO and will perform his duties at the principal executive offices, during the normal business hours of the Company;

provided, however,
 that so long as such activity does not interfere with Employee's perfonnance of his duties and responsibilities
hereunder, Employee may engage in the activities set forth on 
Exhibit A
 and other activities as approved by the Board, such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld.

 

5. Compensation.

 

(a) 
Base Salary
.

 

(i) During
the term of this Employment Agreement, the Company agrees to compensate Employee with a 
"Base Salary" 
at a rate of $8,333.33
per month. Employee's Base Salary may be increased as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Employee's Base Salary shall not
be reduced without Employee's prior written consent.

 

(ii) Notwithstanding
anything contained in Section 5(a)(i) to the contrary, upon closing of the Second Tranche, pursuant to which Kholsa Ventures purchases
at least 480,769 shares of Series A-1 Preferred Stock, the Company agrees to compensate Employee with a 
"Base Salary" 
at
a rate of $20,833.33 per month. Employee's Base Salary may be increased as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. Employee's
Base Salary shall not be reduced without Employee's prior written consent.

 

(b) 
Payroll
Policies.
 Employee's compensation will be paid in installments pursuant to the Company's personnel and payroll policies, as they may
be amended from time to time, less any applicable federal, state or local payroll tax deductions incident on Employee.

 

(c) 
Bonuses.

Employee will be eligible for cash bonuses from time to time as determined by the Board in its sole discretion.

 

2

 

(d) 
Reimbursement
of Expenses.
 The Company will reimburse Employee in accordance with the Company's standard reimbursement policies for all reasonable
and customary out-of-pocket expenses which have been incurred by Employee in connection with the performance of his duties under this
Employment Agreement.

 

6.

Fringe Benefits.

 

(a) 
Vacation.

Employee will be entitled to a vacation period of four (4) weeks in any calendar year of his employment without loss of compensation.
The number of vacation days for which Employee is eligible shall accrue at the rate of 1.67 days per month that Employee is employed during
such calendar year. Vacation accrual will be capped at 
1
 times
Employee's annual vacation accrual. When accrued vacation reaches the cap, the Employee will not accrue additional vacation time until
some of the previously accrued vacation is used and the accrued amount falls below the cap. In the event that Employee's employment is
terminated for any reason, he will receive compensation on account of any unused vacation days in addition to his regular compensation
for the period prior to his termination.

 

(b) 
Holidays
and Sick Leave.
 In addition to his vacation time, Employee will be entitled without loss of compensation to those holidays to which
employees of the Company are entitled under the personnel policies of the Company. Sick leave will be accumulated for Employee in accordance
with the personnel policies of the Company.

 

(c) 
Health
Care. Disability. Insurance and Other Benefits.
 During the term of this Employment Agreement, Employee will be furnished with health
care, disability, insurance and other benefits consistent with such similar benefits as the directors of the Company may determine to
provide to other senior employees of the Company.

 

7. 
Termination
of Agreement.

 

(a) 
Termination.

The Company or the Employee may terminate this Employment Agreement, at any time, with or without Cause (as defined below), upon written
notice to the other party (except in the instance of death), and otherwise in accordance with this Section 7. Termination of this Employment
Agreement by the Company will be determined by a majority vote of the Board.

 

(b)

Termination for Cause.
 If the Company proposes to terminate Employee's employment hereunder for Cause (as defined below), the
Company will give Employee reasonable prior written notice of termination, and will specify in said notice the factual basis upon which
the termination action is based and will provide Employee the opportunity to be heard before the Board prior to such termination. For
the purpose of this Employment Agreement, 
"Cause"
 means termination of Employee because of any of the following, in
each case as determined by the Board: (i) willful or habitual neglect after written notice to perform the duties required to be performed;
(ii) the conviction of, or entering or consenting to a plea of 
nolo contendere
 or similar plea to, any crime involving moral
turpitude or which constitutes a felony in the jurisdiction committed (whether or not involving the Company); (iii) the commission of
an act of personal dishonesty which involves a personal profit in connection with the Company or any affiliated entity or any other entity
having a business relationship with the Company or any affiliated entity; (iv) a breach of any material provision of any written agreement
between the him and the Company or intentional disregard of the policies of the Company or any affiliated entity, which is not cured
within ten (10) days of written notice from the Company of such breach, provided that such ten (10) day period will not apply in the
case of a breach which can not be cured; or (v) any other dishonesty, gross negligence or misconduct which is materially injurious to
the financial condition or business reputation of the Company, whether or not in connection with the Company or any affiliated entity
or any other entity having a business relationship with the Company or any affiliated entity.

 

3

 

(c) 
Death
.
Employee's employment hereunder will terminate automatically upon the death of Employee.

 

(d) 
Disability.

Employee's employment hereunder may also be tenninated at the election of the Company in the event that Employee becomes subject to any
Disability. 
"Disability" 
shall mean a disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended (the 
"Code").
 In the event Employee's employment is terminated by the Company because of the Disability of
Employee, the Company will give Employee notice of a termination date, which will not be less than thirty (30) days subsequent to the
date of the notice. Employee's employment hereunder will terminate on the termination date as so established by the Company, and Employee
will be entitled to receive the long-term disability benefits then provided by the Company.

 

(e) 
Effect
of Death, Disability, Resignation or Termination for Cause
.
 If 
Employee dies, is terminated as
a result of Disability in accordance with subparagraph (d) above, resigns from his employment (other than under the circumstances described
in subparagraph (f) below) or is terminated for Cause, the Company will pay Employee his full salary and other benefits (including accrued
and unused vacation and sick time for such year) through the date of death, Disability (in accordance with Section 7(d)), resignation
or termination of employment at the rate then in effect, and the Company will have no further obligations to Employee under this Employment
Agreement, except for benefits expressly provided herein and for continuation of benefits required by applicable law.

 

(f) 
Termination
without Cause
.
 If 
Employee's employment is terminated without Cause, Employee will be entitled
to the following payments:

 

(i) all
amounts accrued and unpaid to Employee through the termination date, including unpaid salary, pro-rated bonus, benefits and accrued and
unused vacation and sick time; and

 

(ii)
severance payments comprising salary and all benefits continuing for a period of two (2) months after the effective date of such
termination, such severance payments to be made consistent with the Company's payroll policies and subject to applicable federal,
state and local payroll tax deductions and withholdings and to be subject to Employee's execution of a release of claims related to
Employee's employment with the Company or the termination of such employment.

 

4

 

For purposes of
this Section 7(f), Employee's resignation from his employment as the result of any of the following will be deemed to be termination without
Cause: 
(i)
 material reduction of Employee's Base Salary without the prior
consent of Employee (other than in connection with, and substantially proportionate to, reductions by the Company of the annual base salary
of more than 50% of its employees), (ii) a material change by the Company of Employee's functions, duties or authority other than changes
in functions, duties or authority resulting from Employee's misconduct; provided, however, that any reduction in functions, duties or
authority or reduction in the level of management to which Employee reports resulting solely from a Sale of the Company (as such term
is defined in the Voting Agreement of even date herewith executed in connection with the Transaction) which results in the Company being
acquired by and made a part of a larger entity shall not be deemed to be termination without Cause; or (iii) a material breach by the
Company of this Employment Agreement, or of any other written agreement between Employee and the Company; provided, that no such events
or conditions shall be deemed to be a termination without Cause unless (x) Employee gives the Company a written notice of termination
for Cause not more than sixty (60) days after the initial existence of the event or condition, (y) the grounds for termination, if susceptible
to correction, are not corrected by the Company within thirty (30) days of its receipt of such notice and (z) Employee's termination of
employment occurs within the sixty (60) days following the Company's receipt of such notice..

 

8. 
Confidentiality
,

Non-solicitation and Assignment of Inventions.
 Contemporaneous with the execution of this Employment Agreement, Employee shall
execute and deliver to Company the "Employee Restrictions and Proprietary Information Agreement," in substantially the form
attached hereto as 
Exhibit B.

 

9. Forfeiture
of Shares 
Upon Termination of Employment.

 

(a) 
Forfeiture
of Shares
.
 If 
Employee's employment with the Company terminates for any reason whatsoever (the
date on which such termination occurs being referred to as the 
"Termination Date"), 
then all of the Repurchase Shares
that are not vested as of the Termination Date shall be forfeited immediately and automatically to the Company, without the payment of
any consideration to Employee, effective as of the Termination Date. Employee hereby authorizes the Company to take any actions necessary
or appropriate to cancel any certificate(s) representing forfeited Repurchase Shares and transfer ownership of such forfeited Repurchase
Shares to the Company. Employee shall have no further rights with respect to any Repurchase Shares that are so forfeited.

 

(b) 
Termination
of Forfeiture Right.
 Subject to Section 9(c), the Repurchase Shares shall vest, and shall no longer be subject to forfeiture
pursuant to Section 9(a) above as follows: on the last day of each full succeeding one (1) month period for the four (4) years
following the date of this Employment Agreement, an additional 40,581 Repurchase Shares shall vest until forfeiture rights have
lapsed with respect to one hundred percent (100%) of the Repurchase Shares.

 

5

 

in each case if and only if Employee
is, and has been continuously employed by the Company from the date of this Employment Agreement through each such date.

 

(c) 
Acceleration
of Lapse of Forfeiture Right.
 Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9, the forfeiture rights granted to the Company under this
Section 9 shall lapse with respect to: (i) 486,972 of the Repurchase Shares for which forfeiture rights have not previously lapsed upon
Employee's death or Disability; (ii) the greater of (A) 486,972 of the Repurchase Shares, or (B) 50% of the then-remaining unvested Repurchase
Shares, in each case for which forfeiture rights have not previously lapsed upon termination of Employee's employment by the Company without
Cause (including without limitation, Employee's resignation pursuant to Section 7(f)); or (iii) notwithstanding item (ii) above to the
contrary, all Repurchase Shares for which forfeiture rights have not previously lapsed if Employee's employment by the Company is terminated
without Cause (including without limitation, Employee's resignation pursuant to Section 7(f)) immediately prior to (which "prior
to" period shall include without limitation any period commencing with the Company's acceptance of, or agreement with respect to,
any term sheet or other binding or non-binding agreement relating to the Sale of the Company (as defined below)) or within the twelve
(12) month period immediately following the closing of the Sale of the Company (as such term is defined in the Voting Agreement of even
date herewith executed in connection with the Transaction).

 

10. 
Availability
of Records.
 During the term of this Employment Agreement and for a one (1) year period after termination, the Company agrees to
make available to Employee or his executors, administrators or heirs, for inspection on the premises of the Company during normal business
hours, copies of any records relating to any rights or benefits to which Employee was entitled at the time of his termination of employment.
However, upon the termination of this Employment Agreement, Employee will not be entitled to retain any records of the Company in his
possession.

 

11. 
Assignability.

This Employment Agreement will inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. However, this Employment Agreement is
personal to Employee, and he may not assign any of his rights or obligations hereunder.

 

12. 
Amendments.

No amendment of or variation in the tenns of this Employment Agreement will be valid unless made in writing and signed by Employee and
a duly authorized representative of the Company.

 

13. 
Notices. 
All
notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered by hand or
overnight courier or three postal delivery days after it has been mailed by United States registered mail, return receipt requested,
postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses set forth below in this Employment Agreement, or to such other address as
either party may have furnished to 
6. 
the other in writing in accordance herewith, except that notice of change of address
shall be effective only upon receipt:

 

To the Company:

 

Berkshire Grey, Inc. c/o Rich May, P.C. 176 Federal Street

 

Boston, MA 02110 Attn: President

 

 

 

To the Employee:

 

To the most recent address of Employee set forth in the personnel records of the Company.

 

or to such other
persons or other addresses as either party may specify to the other in writing. Notices and other communications to any recipient hereunder
may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail). Notices and other communications sent to an email address
shall be deemed received upon the sender's receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the "return receipt
requested" function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgment); provided that if such notice or other communication
is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening
of business on the next business day for the recipient.

 

14. 
Rules
of Construction; Headings and Validity.
 This Employment Agreement will be construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts. Any action arising out of this Employment Agreement or Employee's employment with the Company will be brought solely
in the state or Federal courts in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. If any provision of this Employment Agreement or portion of such
provision, or the application thereof under any circumstances, is held invalid, the remainder of this Employment Agreement (or the remainder
of such provision) and the application thereof under other circumstances will not be affected by such partial invalidity.

 

15. 
Entire
Agreement; Termination of Prior Agreements.
 This Employment Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto
pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and expressly terminates all prior agreements, understandings, negotiations and
discussions, whether oral or written of the parties, and there are no wan-anties, representations or other agreements between the parties
in connection with the subject matter hereof, except as are specifically set forth herein. Except as otherwise provided by this Employment
Agreement, no supplement, modification, waiver or termination of this Employment Agreement will be binding unless executed in writing
by the party to be bound thereby. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Employment Agreement will be deemed or will constitute a
waiver of any other provision hereof (whether or not similar), nor will such waiver constitute a continuing waiver unless otherwise expressly
provide.

 

6

 

16. 
Interpretation
.

The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that: (i) each paiiy and its counsel reviewed and negotiated the terms and provisions of this
Employment Agreement and have contributed to its revision; (ii) the rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are resolved
against the drafting party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Employment Agreement; and (iii) the terms and provisions
of this Employment Agreement shall be construed fairly as to all parties hereto and not in favor of or against any party, regardless of
which party was generally responsible for the preparation of this Employment Agreement.

 

17. 
Captions
and Headings.
 The captions and paragraph headings used in this Employment Agreement are for convenience of reference only and
shall not affect the construction or interpretation of this Employment Agreement or any of the provisions hereof.

 

18. 
Counterparts.

This Employment Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument.

 

19. 
Survival.

To the extent that the Company's forfeiture rights set forth in Section 9 have not lapsed in their entirety as of the termination or expiration
of this Employment Agreement, such remaining rights set forth in Section 9 shall survive termination of this Employment Agreement in accordance
with the terms thereof.

 

20. 
Compliance
with Section 409A.
 This Employment Agreement is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and the regulations
promulgated thereunder (including the exceptions thereto) 
("Section 409A").
 To the extent that any provision in this
Employment Agreement is ambiguous as to its compliance with Section 409A, or to the extent any provision in this Employment Agreement
must be modified to comply with Section 409A, such provision shall be read, or shall be modified (with the mutual written consent of the
parties, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), as the case may be, in such a manner so that no payment due to the Employee
shall be subject to an "additional tax" within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(l)(B); provided that in no event shall the Company
be liable to the Employee or otherwise for any such "additional taxes."

 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO FOLLOW]

 

7

 

IN WITNESS
WHEREOF, the parties to this Employment Agreement have caused the same to be executed as of the date first above written.

 

COMPANY:

BERKSHIRE GREY, INC.

 

 

 

/s/ Thomas Wagner

 

Name: Thomas Wagner

 

Title: President

 

 

 

EMPLOYEE:

THOMAS WAGNER

 

 

 

/s/ Thomas Wagner

  

8

 

EXHIBIT A

 

Permitted Activities

 

I)
Advisory board member for Near Earth Autonomy, a CMU spin-off
company in a complementary but non-competing area, where said commitment generally entails 1-3 meetings per year and an occasional phone
call or email.

 

2)
Advisory board member for Brown University, the University
of Maine, and the University of New Hampshire where such activities generally require 1-2 partial day meetings per year per university
and an occasional phone call or email.

 

3)
Board member activities of non-competing companies being spun
out of Void Pointer Technologies, LLC, specifically at the present time, Pizzazle Labs and CableBots.

 

4)
Founder and CEO of Void Pointer Technologies, LLC, with the
understanding that it will be generally quiescent with the exception of maintaining its intellectual property, spinning out of assets,
and items such as filing tax returns required to remain a company in good standing.

 

5)
Completion of film project with major motion picture company.
Final activities to include watching a few draft versions (aka screenings) and providing feedback.

 

9

 

EXHIBIT B

 

Employee Restrictions and Proprietary
Information Agreement

 

 

10