EX-10.18

23

fs12023ex10-18_cleancore.htm

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT, DATED MARCH 27, 2023, BETWEEN CLEANCORE SOLUTIONS, INC. AND DAVID ENHOLM

Exhibit 10.18

 

EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

 

This EXECUTIVE EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT (the “
Employment Agreement
”) is made and entered into as of March 27, 2023, by and between 
CleanCore
Solutions, Inc.
, a Nevada corporation (the “
Company
”), and 
David
Enholm
, an individual (the “
Executive
”). The Company and the Executive are referred to herein from time
to time on a collective basis as the 
“Parties”
 and each on individual basis as a 
“Party.”

 

Recitals:

 

The Company wishes to secure
the services of the Executive as Chief Executive Officer of the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, and the Executive
wishes to render such services to the Company upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.

 

Agreement:

 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the foregoing and the mutual covenants herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of
which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

 

1. 
Executive’s
Position; Duties
. During the Term (as hereinafter defined), the Company shall employ Executive in the position of Chief Executive
Officer. The Executive accepts such employment and have such duties and responsibilities as are reasonably assigned, delegated and determined
as are customarily assigned to individuals serving in such position and such other duties consistent with Executive’s title (with
such other duties and/or offices in the Company and its affiliates as may be assigned from time to time by the Company, its Board of Directors,
or Chief Executive Officer and as agreed to by Executive) and the Executive accepts such employment and agrees to perform such duties.
The Executive agrees to devote his or her full customary business time and energies to the business of the Company and/or its affiliates
and subsidiaries to perform his/her duties hereunder.

 

2. 
Term
of Employment; Employment at Will
. The term (
“Term”
) of this Employment Agreement shall commence on the Start Date
(defined below) and continue until the Employment Agreement, and thus the Executive’s employment, is terminated by either the Company
or the Executive. The Executive is employed “at-will” which means that the Executive’s employment with the Company may
be terminated by either the Executive or the Company at any time, with or without cause, for any or no reason, subject to the notice provisions
in this Employment Agreement. As used in this Agreement, 
“Start Date”
 means the first date on which the Executive reports
to the Company to begin work under this Agreement, which shall be March 27, 2023.

 

3. 
Location.

Executive will perform his or her work duties for the Company primarily in 5920 South 118
th
 Circle, Omaha, NE 68137. However,
Executive shall undertake such occasional travel, within or outside the United States, as is reasonably necessary in the interests of
the Company.

 

 

 

 

4. 
Compensation
.

 

(a) 
Base
Salary.
 The Company shall pay to the Executive a base salary for all services to be rendered by the Executive under this Employment
Agreement at the rate of $185,000 per year (the 
“Base Salary”
), which Base Salary shall be paid in approximately equal
installments (less applicable payroll deductions and taxes) in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll schedule, procedures
and policies (which schedules, procedures and policies may be modified from time to time in the Company’s sole discretion), but
not less frequently than monthly. The Company shall have no obligation to pay the Executive’s Base Salary following the date of
the termination of this Employment Agreement whether by the Company, the Executive, or otherwise. 

 

(b) 
Bonus.

In addition to the Base Salary, the Executive may be eligible to be considered for an annual bonus based upon the performance of the Executive
and of the Company, for up to 30% of the Executive’s Base Salary. The eligibility criteria to be a considered for annual bonus,
whether to award the Executive any such bonus, the amount of any such bonus, and when any such bonus is paid are in the Company’s
absolute discretion. The Executive must be actively employed at the time of payment to receive an annual bonus.

 

(c) 
Equity.

The Company will offer the Executive a total of 325,000 incentive stock options to purchase shares of the Company’s class B common
stock, par value $0.0001 (the “
Class B Common Stock
”) pursuant to the Company’s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the
“
Option
”) with an exercise price equal to the public offering price of the Company’s Class B Common Stock at
its initial public offering (the “
Offering
”). The options will be granted on the date of the closing of the Offering
but will begin their vesting on the date of this Agreement. The vesting schedule of the options will be: (i) 10% of the total options
granted becoming vested on the 90
th
 day following the Start Date, (ii) another 10% of the total options granted vesting on
the 180
th
 day after the Start Date, and (iii) the remaining amount of the total unvested options vesting in equal amounts monthly
over 36 months. If the Offering does not occur on or before May 15, 2023 (the “
Outside Date
”), then the option will
be granted on the Outside Date and the exercise price will be equal to the fair market value of a share of the Company’s Class B
Common Stock on the Outside Date, as determined by the board of directors (the “
Board
”) in good faith.

 

(d) 
Participation
in Executive Benefit Plans; Other Benefits.

 

(i) During
the Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in such medical, life, disability, and other benefits plans as are generally
afforded to other Company Executives at a similar level and to participate in all other company-wide employee benefits plans, including
a defined contribution pension plan and 401(k) plan, as may be made available generally to Company employees from time to time, subject
to the Executive satisfying waiting periods, eligibility criteria, and other terms and conditions, if any, that may be applicable to each
such benefit plan.

 

(ii) During
the Term, the Executive may be eligible to be considered from time to time for an award under the Company’s Stock Option Plan (the
“
Plan
”), in the Company’s sole discretion. The eligibility criteria for an award under the Plan and whether the
Executive is provided with an award under the Plan are in the Company’s sole discretion.

 

(iii) Except
as prohibited by law, the Company may amend, terminate, reduce or otherwise change any of benefits or plans described above in this Section
4(b).

 

2

 

 

(e) 
Expenses.

The Company shall pay or reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary expenses actually incurred or paid by the Executive
during the Term in the performance of the Executive’s job duties under this Employment Agreement, upon submission and approval of
expense statements, vouchers, or other supporting information in accordance with the then customary practices of the Company. In addition
to meeting the conditions of the immediately preceding sentence, any expenses in excess of $500.00 require advance approval by the Company’s
Chief Financial Officer before being incurred in order to be eligible for payment or reimbursement by the Company.

 

(f) 
Vacation
and Sick Leave.
 The Executive shall be entit
led to receive three weeks of paid vacation per calendar
year and 40 hours of paid sick leave per 
calendar year. The Executive’s vacation and sick leave, how it is accrued, and how
the Executive may use it may be subject to employment and other policies the Company may adopt and/or change from time to time in its
sole discretion and with or without notice to the Executive. The Executive shall be entitled to an additional week of paid vacation per
calendar year for each additional year worked after his Start Date, with no more than five weeks of paid vacation available, regardless
of tenure. Unless required by applicable state or local law, the Executive is not entitled to receive compensation for accrued but used
paid sick leave or paid vacation leave upon separation from the Company.

 

(g) 
Withholding
of Taxes.
 The Company may withhold from any Base Salary, bonuses, benefits, or other compensation payable under this Employment Agreement
all federal, state, city and other taxes as shall be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling.

 

5. 
Termination
.

 

(a) 
Termination
by the Executive.

 

(i) 
Termination
upon Death
. If the Executive dies during the Term, this Employment Agreement and the Executive’s employment with the Company
shall terminate as of the date of his/her death and, except as provided in Section 5(c) hereof, the Executive’s estate shall have
no right to receive any compensation hereunder (including, without limitation, Base Salary, bonus, or benefit) on and after the date of
death.

 

(ii) 
Termination
other than for Death.
 The Executive may terminate this Employment Agreement, and thus his/her employment with the Company, for any
reason or no reason at any time during the Term upon 14 days’ written notice by the Executive to the Company and, except as provided
in Section 5(c) hereof, the Executive shall have no right to receive any compensation hereunder (including, without limitation, Base Salary,
bonus, or benefit) on and after the date of such termination.

 

3

 

 

(b) 
Termination
by the Company.

 

(i) 
Termination
for Cause
. During the Term, The Company may at any time by written notice to the Executive terminate this Employment Agreement, and
thus the Executive’s employment, immediately if an event of Cause (as defined below) occurs, and, except as provided in Section
5(c) hereof, the Executive shall have no right to receive any compensation hereunder (including, without limitation, Base Salary, bonus,
or benefit) on and after the date of such termination. For purposes of this Employment Agreement, 
“Cause”
 shall mean:

 

(A) 
any
willful breach by the Executive of any material term of this Employment Agreement, if the Executive fails to reasonably cure such breach
within 14 days after the receipt of written notice from the Company of such breach, which notice shall state in reasonable detail the
facts and circumstances claimed to be a failure or willful breach and of the intent of the Company to terminate the Executive’s
employment upon the failure of the Executive to reasonably cure such failure or breach; or

 

(B) 
Executive
has committed an intentional act of fraud, misappropriation, embezzlement, or theft or a breach of fiduciary duty involving personal profit;
or

 

(C) 
the
Executive is indicted for any criminal offense constituting a felony or a crime involving moral turpitude; or

 

(D) 
the
Executive intentionally breaches any of the provisions of Section 6 of this Employment Agreement.

 

For purposes of this Employment Agreement,
an act, or a failure to act, shall not be deemed willful or intentional, as those terms are used herein, unless it is done, or admitted
to be done, by Executive in bad faith or without a reasonable belief that Executive’s action or omission was in the interest of
the Company.

 

(ii) 
Termination
other than for Cause.
 The Company may terminate this Employment Agreement, and thus the Executive’s employment, for any reason
or no reason at any time without Cause upon 14 days’ written notice by the Company to the Executive and, except as provided in Section
5(c) hereof, the Executive shall have no right to receive any compensation hereunder (including, without limitation, Base Salary, bonus,
or benefit) on and after the date of such termination.

 

(c) 
If
during the Term, this Employment Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 5(a) or 5(b), all compensation (including, without limitation,
Base Salary) payable to Executive under Section 4 hereof shall cease as of the date of termination specified in the notice of termination
from the Company or the Executive, as the case may be, or, if the termination is due to the Executive’s death, on the date of the
Executive’s death, and the Company shall pay to the Executive (or if the Executive has died, to his/her estate) all previously earned,
accrued, and unpaid benefits from the Company and its employee benefit plans, including any such benefits under the Company’s pension,
disability, and life insurance plans, policies, and programs.

 

6. 
Severance
Payments
.

 

(a) 
Certain
Severance Payments.
 If during the Term the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 4(b)(ii) hereof, all compensation
payable to the Executive under Section 3 hereof shall cease as of the date of termination specified in the Company’s notice (the
“
Termination Date
”), and the Company shall pay to the Executive, subject to Section 6 hereof, an amount equal to the
Base Salary for three (3) months, payable in a lump sum on the Termination Date, and all previously earned, accrued, and unpaid benefits
from the Company and its employee benefit plans, including any such benefits under the Company’s pension, disability, and life insurance
plans, policies, and programs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Executive has violated Section 6 hereof, then the Company shall have
no obligation to make the foregoing payments. The payment of severance as required by this Section 5(a) may be conditioned by the Company
on the delivery by the Employee of a release of any and all claims that the Employee may have against the Company which release shall
be in form and substance satisfactory to the Company.

 

4

 

 

(b) 
No
Other Severance Payments.
 If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Sections 4(a), 4(b) or 4(c) hereof, all compensation (including,
without limitation, Base Salary) payable to the Executive under Section 3 hereof shall cease as of the date of termination specified in
the notice of termination from the Company or the Executive, as the case may be, or, if the termination is due to the Executive’s
death, on the date of the Executive’s death, and the Company shall pay to the Executive (or if the Executive has died, to his/her
estate) all previously earned, accrued, and unpaid benefits from the Company and its employee benefit plans, including any such benefits
under the Company’s pension, disability, and life insurance plans, policies, and programs.

 

7. 
Certain
Covenants of the Executive
.

 

(a) 
The
Executive acknowledges that: (i) he is one of the limited number of persons who will assist with developing the Company’s business,
which consists of his work for the Company will bring the Employee into close contact with many confidential affairs not readily available
to the public and the covenants contained in this Section 7 will not involve a substantial hardship upon the Employee’s future livelihood
(the “
Company’s Business
”); (ii) the Executive’s work for the Company will bring Executive into close contact
with many confidential affairs not readily available to the public; and (iii) the covenants contained in this Section 6 will not involve
a substantial hardship upon Executive’s future livelihood. In order to induce the Company to enter into this Employment Agreement,
the Executive covenants and agrees that:

 

(i) 
Confidential
Information.
 During the Term and for a period of three years thereafter (the 
“Non-Disclosure/Non-Use Period”
),
the Executive shall not, directly or indirectly: (A) disclose CleanCore Confidential Information (defined below) to any entity that is
not authorized by the Company or to receive such CleanCore Confidential Information or (B) use or appropriate CleanCore Confidential Information
for his/her own benefit or for the benefit of any entity other than the Company or its authorized subsidiary or affiliate, except as required
in the course of the Executive’s performance of his job duties with the Company under this Employment Agreement or with the express
written consent of the Company’s Chief Executive Officer or its Board of Directors. The provisions of this Section 6(a)(i) do not
prohibit the Executive from disclosing CleanCore Confidential Information as may be necessary to report unlawful sexual harassment or
assault, unlawful discrimination, or unlawful activity at the Company or by the Company or any of its directors, officers, or Executives
(collectively, 
“Unlawful Activity”
), provided that the Executive makes such disclosure solely to the appropriate federal,
state or local government official or appropriate person within the Executive with responsibility for investigating or addressing reports
of any such Unlawful Activity.

 

(ii) As
used in this Employment Agreement, 
“CleanCore Confidential Information”
 means all documents, files, papers or information
relating to trade secrets of the Company or any Company subsidiary or affiliate and all confidential documents, files, papers, or information
relating to the Company’s Business, including, without limitation, the customers, business relationships, accounts, pricing policies,
customer lists, computer software and hardware, of the Company or any Company subsidiary or affiliate, any of the Company’s, or
Company affiliate or subsidiary’s, business or operational methods, drawings, sketches, designs or product concepts, know-how, marketing
plans or strategies, product development techniques or plans, business acquisition plans, financial or other performance data, personnel
policies and other policies, whether generated by the Executive or by any other person, 
provided, however
, that CleanCore Confidential
Information does not include information that the Executive can document: (A) is or becomes generally and freely publicly available through
no fault of the Executive, (B) the Executive has otherwise rightfully obtained from a third-party who is not under any restriction to
maintain its confidentiality, or (C) was lawfully known or obtained by the Executive prior to his/her receipt of it during the course
of his/her employment with the Company.

 

5

 

 

(iii) 
Covenant
Not to Compete.
 During the Term and for a period of one year thereafter (the “
Restricted Period
”), the Executive
shall not, directly or indirectly: (A) work, as an employee, consultant, contractor, or in any other capacity, for a Competitive Business
(as defined below) in a position or role having a Restricted Duty (as defined below); (B) be an individual proprietor, partner, member,
stockholder, officer, director, joint venturer, investor, lender, or owner (other than a holder of not more than two percent of the combined
voting power of the outstanding stock of a publicly held company) in or of a Competitive Business; or (C) develop any property for use
in the Company’s Business on behalf of any entity other than the Company, its subsidiaries and affiliates.

 

(iv) 
Covenant
Not to Solicit.
 During the Restricted Period, the Executive shall not directly or indirectly (other than in furtherance of the business
of the Company): (A) initiate communications with, solicit, persuade, entice, induce or encourage any individual who is then or who has
been within the preceding 12-month period, an employee, consultant, or contractor of, to, or with the Company or any of its affiliates
or subsidiaries to terminate his/her/its employment or consulting or contractor relationship with the Company or any its subsidiaries
or affiliates, as the case may be, or to become employed by or to enter into a consultant or contractor relationship with any entity,
and the Executive shall not approach any such employee, contractor, or consultant for any such purpose or authorize or knowingly approve
the taking of any such actions by any other person; or (B) solicit, for the purpose of selling, renting or leasing or attempting to sell,
rent, or lease a Restricted Product (as defined below), to any of the clients, customers or accounts, or prospective clients, customers
or accounts of the Company that the Executive contacted, solicited, or served, or that the Executive knew had been contacted, solicited,
or served by the Company, at any time in the preceding twelve month period of the Executive’s employment with the Company.

 

(b) 
Rights
and Remedies Upon Breach.
 If the Executive breaches any of the provisions of Section 6(a) hereof (collectively, the “
Restrictive
Covenants
”), the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates shall, in addition to the rights set forth in Section 6(a) hereof,
have the right and remedy to seek from any court of competent jurisdiction specific performance of the Restrictive Covenants or injunctive
relief against any act which would violate any of the Restrictive Covenants, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach may
cause irreparable injury to the Company and its affiliates and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy to the Company and
its affiliates. The right to obtain such specific performance or injunction in addition to, and without prejudice to, any other rights
or remedies available to the Company, its subsidiaries, and affiliates under this Employment Agreement, at law, or in equity.

 

(c) 
Severability
of Covenants.
 If any of the Restrictive Covenants, or any part thereof, is held by a court of competent jurisdiction or any foreign,
federal, state, county or local government or other governmental, regulatory or administrative agency or authority to be invalid, void,
unenforceable or against public policy for any reason, the remainder of the Restrictive Covenants shall remain in full force and effect
and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated, and such court, government, agency or authority shall be empowered to substitute,
to the extent enforceable, provisions similar thereto or other provisions so as to provide to the Company and its affiliates, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, the benefits intended by such provisions.

 

6

 

 

8. 
Other
Provisions
.

 

(a) 
Notices.

Any notice or other communication required or which may be given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, telecopied,
telegraphed or telexed, or sent by certified, registered or express mail, postage prepaid, or emailed to the Parties at the addresses
specified on the signature page hereto, or at such other addresses as shall be specified by the parties by like notice, and shall be deemed
given so long as such provides a receipt of delivery, when so delivered personally, telecopied, telegraphed or telexed, mailed, or emailed.

 

(b) 
Governing
Law; Forum for Resolution of Disputes.

 

(i) This
Employment Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Nebraska without regard to the choice of law principles
thereof. The Parties hereby agree that all questions concerning the construction, validity and interpretation of this Employment Agreement,
and any disputes arising thereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State of Nebraska without giving effect to any choice of law
or conflict of law provision or rule, notwithstanding that public policy in any other forum or jurisdiction might indicate that the laws
of that or any other jurisdiction should otherwise apply based on contacts within such state or otherwise. Each Party irrevocably submits
to the exclusive jurisdiction (including both subject matter jurisdiction and personal jurisdiction over each of the Parties) and the
venue of the state and federal courts whose jurisdictional territory includes Douglas County, Nebraska for the purpose of any suit, action,
proceeding, or judgment relating to or arising out of this Employment Agreement or Executive’s employment with the Company. Each
of the Parties waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding so brought and waives any bond,
surety, or other security that might be required of any other Party with respect thereto. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, EACH
PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ITS RIGHT TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY FOR ANY PROCEEDING SO BROUGH. Each of the parties agrees that a final, non-appealable
judgment in any such suit, action or proceeding brought in such a court shall be conclusive and binding on such Party and may be enforced
in any court to the jurisdiction of which such Party is subject by a suit upon such judgment.

 

(ii) As
a condition precedent to a Party’s ability to commence a lawsuit against the other Party relating to or arising out of this Employment
Agreement or Executive’s employment with the Company, the Party that wishes to commence such lawsuit shall first give written notice
to the other Party of the dispute arising out of or related to Employment Agreement or Executive’s employment with the Company,
and, no later than twenty-one (21) days after such notice is delivered, a representative of each Party with authority to settle that dispute
for each Party shall confer in good faith in an effort to resolve that dispute. The notice of such dispute for each Party shall include
a reasonable description of the basis therefor. Only after the Parties have conferred, or made a good faith effort to confer, in accordance
with this Section 7(b)(ii) may a party commence a lawsuit pertaining to the dispute.

 

(c) 
Entire
Agreement.
 This Employment Agreement represents the complete understanding between the Executive and the Company concerning the subject
matter of this Employment Agreement, and no other promises or agreements concerning the subject matter of this Separation Agreement shall
be binding unless reduced to writing and signed by the Executive and the Company. The Executive and the Company agree that this Employment
Agreement supersedes any prior agreements or understandings of the Parties, whether oral or written, concerning the subject matter of
this Employment Agreement.

 

7

 

 

(d) 
Waivers
and Amendments.
 This Employment Agreement may be amended, modified, superseded, cancelled, renewed or extended, and the terms and
conditions hereof may be waived, only by a written instrument signed by the parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving
compliance. No delay on the part of any Party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof,
nor shall any waiver on the part of any Party of any right, power or privilege hereunder, nor any single or partial exercise of any right,
power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege hereunder.

 

(e) 
Binding
Effect; Benefit.
 This Employment Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and any successors
and assigns permitted or required by Section 7(f) hereof. Nothing in this Employment Agreement, expressed or implied, is intended to confer
on any person other than the parties hereto or such successors and assigns, any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities under or
by reason of this Employment Agreement.

 

(f) 
Assignment.

This Employment Agreement, and the Executive’s rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned by the Executive. The Company
may assign this Employment Agreement and its rights, together with its obligations, hereunder in connection with any sale, transfer or
other disposition of all or substantially all of its assets or business, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise.

 

(g) 
Drafting.

Should any provision of this Separation Agreement require interpretation or construction, it is agreed by the Executive and the Company
that the person interpreting or construing this Separation Agreement shall not apply a presumption against one Party by reason of the
rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against the party who prepared the document.

 

(h) 
Interpretation.

(i) Should any provision of this Employment Agreement require interpretation or construction, it is agreed by the Executive and the Company
that the person interpreting or construing this Employment Agreement shall not apply a presumption against one Party by reason of the
rule of construction that a document is to be construed more strictly against the party who prepared the document. (ii) The headings and
sub-headings in this Employment Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not in any way affect the meaning or interpretation
of this Employment Agreement.

 

(i) 
Survival.

Sections 5(c), 6, and 7 of this Employment Agreement shall survive the termination of this Employment Agreement.

 

(j) 
Counterparts.

This Employment Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together
shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed manually or by facsimile, scan, or other electronic means
(
e.g.
, DocuSign).

 

[Signature page follows]

 

8

 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties
have executed this Employment Agreement as of the date first above written.

 

 

COMPANY:

 

 

 

 

 

CleanCore Solutions, Inc.

 

 

 

 

 

By:

/s/ Matthew Atkinson

 

 

Name: 

Matthew Atkinson

 

 

Title:

Chief Executive Officer

 

 

 

 

 

 

Address: 

5920 South 118
th
 Circle, Omaha, NE 68137

 

 

 

 

 

 

Email:

matkinson@cleancoresol.com

 

EXECUTIVE:

 

 

 

 

By: 

/s/ David Enholm

 

Name: 
  

David Enholm

 

 

9