EX-10.2

3

d760840dex102.htm

EX-10.2

EX-10.2

Exhibit 10.2 

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

MKS Instruments, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (the “Company”), and Kathleen Burke of Winchester, MA (“Employee”)
agree, effective August 1, 2016, as follows. 
 
1.    
Employment.
 The Company is employing Employee on an 
at-will
 basis in the position of Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Assistant Secretary. Employee agrees to comply with the Company’s policies. 

2.    
Confidential Information Agreement.
 Employee will sign and deliver to the Company, at the same time that
Employee executes this Employment Agreement, the Confidential Information, Intellectual Property and 
Non-Solicitation
 Agreement of MKS Instruments, Inc. (“Confidential Information Agreement”) that is
Attachment 1 to this Employment Agreement. 
 
3.    
Duty to The Company
. While employed by the Company, Employee:
(a) will devote his or her full working time and best efforts to the business of the Company; and (b) will not (without the prior, express, written consent of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company) engage in any business activity
(whether or not for gain) that interferes with Employee’s work for the Company. Notwithstanding the previous sentence, this Employment Agreement does not prohibit Employee from managing his or her personal investments or engaging in charitable
and unpaid professional activities (including serving on charitable and professional boards), so long as doing so does not materially interfere with Employee’s work for the Company or violate Section 7 of this Employment Agreement. 

4.    
Compensation.
 

(a)    
Base Salary.
 The Company will pay Employee base salary at the rate of $350,000 per year (the “Base
Salary”), in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices. The Company may review and adjust the amount of the Base Salary from time to time in its sole discretion. 

(b)    
Incentive Compensation Plan.
 Employee will be entitled to participate in the Company’s Annual Corporate
Management/Key Employee Bonus Plan, to the extent applicable to Employee’s position. 
 
(c)    
Stock Incentive
Plan.
 Employee will be entitled to participate in the Company’s stock incentive plan to the extent applicable to Employee’s position. 

(d)    
Benefits.
 Employee will be eligible to participate in the Company’s generally available employee
benefit plans, which currently include medical, dental, vision, life, accidental death and dismemberment, short-term disability and long-term disability insurance, a 401(k) savings plan and an employee stock purchase plan, subject to the terms and
conditions of each plan. 
 
(e)    
Paid Time Off. 
Employee will be eligible for 20 days of paid vacation per
year, plus paid sick time and holidays, all subject to the terms and conditions of the Company’s policies. 

(f)    
Expenses.
 The Company will reimburse Employee for expenses
Employee reasonably incurs in performing his or her duties, to the extent provided in the Company’s expense reimbursement policies. Reimbursement of expenses in one tax year will not affect reimbursement of expenses in any other tax year. 

5.    
End of Employment
. Either Employee or the Company may end the employment relationship at any time, for any
reason, with or without notice or cause. The employment relationship will end automatically and immediately upon Employee’s death or entitlement to long-term disability benefits under the Company’s long-term disability program. The date on
which Employee’s employment ends, whether as the result of a resignation by Employee, a termination of employment by the Company or an automatic termination of employment upon death or disability, is referred to in this Employment Agreement as
the “Employment End Date.” If Employee resigns or the Company terminates Employee’s employment, the Company will (in either case) have the right at any time, for any reason in its sole discretion to decide the Employment End Date. In
no event will the Company’s deciding the Employment End Date following Employee’s resignation be considered termination by the Company of Employee’s employment. 

6.    
Company Obligations Upon End of Employment. 
When the employment relationship ends, the Company will have no
obligation to pay or provide Employee at any time any compensation, payment or benefit of any kind, except as expressly provided in Sections 6(a) though through 6(e) below. 

(a)    
Minimum Obligations.
 When the employment relationship ends, no matter how it ends: (i) the Company will
pay Employee any unpaid Base Salary through the Employment End Date; (ii) Employee will be entitled to accrued, vested benefits under the Company’s benefit plans and programs to the extent provided in Section 4(d); (iii) the
Company will pay Employee for any accrued but unused vacation; and (iv) the Company will reimburse Employee for any unreimbursed expenses incurred through the Employment End Date to the extent provided in Section 4(f). 

(b)    
30 Days’ Base Salary After Certain Resignations
. If Employee provides the Company at least 30
days’ advance written notice of resignation of employment, is an active employee in good standing at the time of such notice and continues to perform his or her duties diligently and professionally to the extent requested thereafter, the
Company will pay Employee his or her Base Salary for at least 30 days after such notice, even if the Employment End Date is earlier. 

(c)    
30 Days’ Base Salary After Certain Terminations
. If the Company terminates Employee’s employment
other than for Cause, as defined below, the Company will provide Employee with written notice of termination and pay Employee his or her Base Salary for at least 30 days after such notice of termination, even if the Employment End Date is earlier.

 
(d)    
Eligibility for Ordinary Severance Pay
. If the Company terminates Employee’s employment, Employee
will be eligible for severance pay in a lump sum in an amount equal to a minimum of 6 months of Base Salary or two weeks of Base Salary per year of service, whichever is greater, in either case provided that all of the following conditions are
satisfied: (i) the Company’s primary reason for terminating Employee’s employment was a change to the Company’s business needs (such as reduction in force or elimination of position) and not Cause as defined below;
(ii) Employee has complied with and continues to comply with all of Employee’s obligations under this Employment Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement; and (iii) Employee executes, provides to the Company within 45 days
after the Employment End Date and does not thereafter revoke or attempt to revoke, a general release of claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (“General Release”). The Company’s good-faith determination that one or more of the
conditions listed above has not been satisfied will be binding and conclusive. 

 
 
2 

(e)    
Eligibility for Enhanced Severance Compensation.
 Employee
will become eligible for the “Enhanced Severance Compensation,” as described below, instead of severance pay under Section 6(d) above or under any other program or policy of the Company, if and only if all of the following conditions
are satisfied: (i) the Company terminates Employee’s employment without “Cause” (as defined below) or Employee resigns for “Good Reason” (as defined below); (ii) the Employment End Date is within 24 months after
the effective date of a Change in Control (as defined below); (iii) Employee has complied with and continues to comply with all of Employee’s obligations under this Employment Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement; and
(iv) Employee executes, provides to the Company within 45 days after the Employment End Date and does not thereafter revoke or attempt to revoke, a General Release. The Company’s good-faith determination that one or more of the conditions
listed above has not been satisfied will be binding and conclusive. 
 
(f)    
“Enhanced Severance
Compensation.”
 If Employee becomes eligible for the Enhanced Severance Compensation: 

(i)    
Base Salary.
 The Company will pay Employee, within 14 days after the General Release become
irrevocable, a lump sum in an amount equal to one and one half times annual Base Salary (determined without regard to any reduction in Base Salary giving rise to “Good Reason,” as defined below). 

(ii)    
Incentive Compensation.
 The Company will pay Employee, within 14 days after the General
Release becomes irrevocable, a lump sum equal to one and one half times the annual amount of incentive compensation for which Employee was eligible under any Incentive Compensation Plan of the Company then in effect for the year containing the
Employment End Date. Additionally, the Employee will receive a payment for target bonus, prorated for the current year. 

(iii)    
Continuation of Benefits.
 For a period of 18 months after the Employment End Date, to the
extent Employee elects to continue group medical, vision, or dental insurance coverage under COBRA and timely remits the amount of premium assessed to similarly situated active employees for comparable coverage, the Company will pay the
Company’s usual share of such premiums. Benefits payable under this Section 6(f)(iii) will terminate to the extent Employee ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage under the Company’s medical benefits plan. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the Company will not pay the contribution toward COBRA coverage described above to the extent that the Company reasonably determines that doing so would subject the Company to the excise tax under Section 4980D of the Internal
Revenue Code (the “Code”) (as a result of discriminatory coverage under a group health plan). 

 
 
3 

(iv)    
Restricted Stock Units or Stock Appreciation
Rights. 
Employee’s unvested equity awards as of the Employment End Date will be subject to accelerated vesting to the extent provided in the respective equity award agreement issued to Employee under the then effective MKS Instruments, Inc.
equity incentive plan (including the MKS Instruments, Inc. 2014 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 
(vi)    
No
Obligation to Mitigate Damages; Effect on Other Contractual Rights. 
Employee will not be required to mitigate damages or the amount of any payment provided for under this Employment Agreement by seeking other employment or otherwise, nor will
any payment provided for under this Employment Agreement be reduced by any compensation earned by Employee as the result of employment by an employer other than the Company or a direct or indirect parent, subsidiary or affiliate of the Company after
the Employment End Date, or otherwise. 
 
(g)    
“Cause.”
 “Cause” to terminate
Employee’s employment will exist if Employee: 
 
(i)    commits a felony or engages in fraud,
misappropriation or embezzlement; 
 
(ii)    knowingly fails or refuses to perform Employee’s
duties in a material way and, to the extent that the Company determines such failure or refusal can reasonably be cured, fails or refuses to effect a cure within 10 days after the Company notifies Employee in writing of the failure or refusal; 

(iii)    knowingly causes, or knowingly creates a serious risk of causing, material harm to the
Company’s business or reputation; or 
 
(iv)    breaches, in a material way, this Employment
Agreement, the Confidential Information Agreement or any other agreement between Employee and the Company, and, to the extent that the Company determines such breach can reasonably be cured, fails or refuses to effect a cure within 10 days after the
Company notifies Employee in writing of the breach. 
 
(h)    
 “Good Reason.”
 “Good Reason”
for Employee to resign will exist if, without Employee’s express written consent: 
 
(i)    the
Company materially reduces Employee’s position, duties or responsibilities; 
 
(ii)    the Company
reduces Employee’s Base Salary as in effect on the date hereof or as the same may be increased from time to time during the term of this Employment Agreement; 

 
 
4 

(iii)    the Company changes Employee’s principal
place of work to a location more than 50 miles from Employee’s current principal place of work. 
 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, an action described
above will not constitute Good Reason unless: (A) Employee, within 30 days after the he or she learns, or with reasonable diligence should have learned, of such action, delivers to the Company written notice identifying the action as Good
Reason and demanding its correction; (B) the Company fails to correct such event within 30 days after receipt of such notice; and (C) Employee resigns for Good Reason within 90 days after the date Employee learned, or with reasonable
diligence should have learned, of such action.
 
 
 
(i)    
“Change in Control.” 
For purposes of
this Employment Agreement, the term “Change in Control” will mean the first to occur of any of the following events: (i) any “person” (as that term is used in Section 13 and 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 (“Exchange Act”)) becomes the beneficial owner (as that term is used in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), directly or indirectly, of fifty percent (50%) or more of MKS’ capital stock entitled to vote in the election of
directors; (ii) the shareholders of MKS approve any consolidation or merger of MKS other than a consolidation or merger of MKS in which the holders of the common stock of MKS immediately prior to the consolidation or merger hold more than fifty
percent (50%) of the common stock of the surviving corporation immediately after the consolidation or merger; or (iii) the shareholders of MKS approve the sale or transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of MKS to parties that are not
within a “controlled group of corporations” (as defined in Code Section 1563) in which MKS is a member. 

7.    
Non-Competition
. 

(a)    During Employee’s MKS Employment (as defined below) and for 12 months immediately thereafter (together,
the 
“Non-Compete
 Period”), Employee will not engage in or otherwise carry on, directly or indirectly anywhere in the world (as principal, agent, employee, employer, investor, shareholder (except for
holdings of no greater than 1% of the total outstanding shares in a publicly-traded company), consultant, partner, member, manager, financier or in any other individual or representative capacity of any kind whatsoever), any Competitive Activity
(as defined below). 
 
(b)    “MKS Employment” means the period beginning on the first day that Employee
is employed by the Company and ending on the first day on which Employee is no longer employed by any MKS Entity (as defined below). 

(c)    “MKS Entity” means (i) the Company; (ii) any current or future parent, subsidiary or affiliate
of the Company; or (iii) any successor or assign of (i) or (ii). 
 
(d)    “Competitive Activity”
means business or activity competitive with an MKS Entity but only to the extent that business or activity is related to, similar to or competitive with the activities of the business unit(s), division(s), laborator(y)(ies), facilit(y)(ies) and
other operational unit(s) in or for which Employee performed work for an MKS Entity or about which Employee acquired Proprietary Information (as defined in the Confidential Information Agreement). 

 
 
5 

(e)    The 
Non-Compete
 Period
will be extended for any period during which Employee is in breach of this Employment Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement. 

(f)    If any court of competent jurisdiction determines that this Section 7 is unenforceable because the 
Non-Compete
 Period is too long or because Competitive Activity includes too great a range of activities or too wide a geographic scope, the parties agree that this Section 7 should be interpreted to extend only
over the maximum period of time or range of activities or geographic scope as to which it may be enforceable. 

(g)    The post-employment restrictions on Employee’s conduct contained in this Employment Agreement and in the
Confidential Information Agreement: (i) will continue to apply even if Employee’s duties, title, compensation, location or other terms or conditions of employment change, and even if such change or changes are material; and (ii) will
apply regardless of how or why Employee’s employment ends. 
 
(h)    The Company and Employee agree that violation
by Employee of any of the provisions of this Section 7 of this Employment Agreement would cause the Company irreparable harm beyond what could reasonably or adequately be compensated in damages, and that the Company would therefore be entitled
(in addition to the Company’s other remedies) to an injunction, declaratory judgment or restraining order against any such violation or threatened violation. 

8.    
Code Section
 409A Compliance
. 

(a)    Where this Employment Agreement refers to Employee’s termination of employment for purposes of receiving any
payment, whether such a termination has occurred will be determined in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) and Treasury Regulation 
Section 1.409A-1(h)
 (or
any successor provisions) to the extent required by law. 
 
(b)     To the extent that benefits under Section 6 are
contingent upon Employee providing a General Release, Employee will sign and return the General Release within the reasonable time period designated by the Company, which will not be more than 45 days. If the period for Employee to review a General
Release plus any revocation period crosses calendar years, payments contingent upon the Release will be made in the later calendar year. Any payments contingent upon the General Release that would otherwise be made during the period for review and
revocation of the General Release will be made, provided that the General Release is timely executed and returned to the Company and not revoked, on the first scheduled payment date after such period ends. Each payment in respect of Employee’s
termination of employment under Section 6 of the Employment Agreement is designated as a separate payment for Section 409A purposes. 

(c)    If Employee is designated as a “specified Executive” within the meaning of Code Section 409A (while
the Company is publicly traded), any deferred compensation payment subject to Section 409A to be made during the 
six-month
 period following Employee’s termination of employment will be withheld and
the amount of the payments withheld will be paid in a lump sum, without interest, during the seventh month after Employee’s termination; provided, however, that if Employee dies prior to the expiration of such six month period, payment to
Employee’s beneficiary will be made as soon as reasonably practicable following Employee’s death. The Company will identify in writing delivered to Employee any payments it reasonably determines are subject to delay under this
Section 8(c). In no event will the Company have any liability or obligation with respect to taxes for which Employee may become liable as a result of the application of Code Section 409A. 

 
 
6 

9.    
Code Sections 280G/4999.
 If (a) any payments or
benefits to Employee in connection with this Employment Agreement (“Payments”) would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section 4999 (the “Parachute Tax”), (b) paying Employee a lesser amount would avoid the
Parachute Tax entirely and (c) payment of such lesser amount would, after taking into account applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Parachute Tax, result in Employee receiving a greater

after-tax
 payment than if the Company made the Payments in full, then the Company will pay Employee such lesser amount instead of making the Payments in full. The reporting and payment of any Parachute Tax
will in all events be Employee’s responsibility. The Company will not in any event provide a 
gross-up
 or any other payment to compensate Employee for the payment of the Parachute Tax or for any reduction
in the Payments. The Company will withhold from the Payments any amounts it reasonably determines are required under Code Section 4999(c) and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. 

10.    
Withholding.
 The Company will deduct from the amounts payable to Employee pursuant to this Employment
Agreement all withholding amounts and deductions required by law or authorized by Employee. 
 
11.    
Changes to
Plans and Policies.
 Nothing in this Employment Agreement will: (a) require the Company or its affiliates to establish, maintain or continue any incentive compensation plan, stock incentive plan or other benefit plan, policy or arrangement;
(b) restrict the right of the Company or any of its affiliates to amend, modify or terminate any such plan, policy or arrangement; (c) entitle Employee to participate in any such plan policy or arrangement at any specified level (or at
all) in any year; or (d) prevent any future change to any such plan, policy or arrangement from applying to Employee in accordance with the terms of the change. 

12.    
Assignment
. The rights and obligations of the Company under this Employment Agreement will inure to the
benefit of, and be binding upon, the Company’s successors and assigns. The rights and obligations of Employee under this Employment Agreement will inure to the benefit of, and will be binding upon, Employee’s heirs, executors and legal
representatives. Employee may not delegate or assign any obligations under this Employment Agreement. 

13.    
Entire Agreement and Severability
. This Employment Agreement and the Confidential Information Agreement
supersede any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between Employee and the Company with respect to the Company’s employment of Employee. They contain all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect to such
employment. Neither party is entering into this Employment Agreement on the basis of any representation, inducement, promise or agreement, oral or otherwise, by any party, or by any one acting on behalf of any party, which is not stated herein. Any
modification of this Employment Agreement will be effective only if it is in writing and signed by both parties to this Employment Agreement. If any provision in this Employment Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,
void or unenforceable, the remaining provisions will nevertheless continue in full force and effect without being impaired or invalidated in any way. 

 
 
7 

14.    
Miscellaneous
. This Employment Agreement and the rights
and obligations of the parties hereunder will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, excluding (but only to the extent permitted by law) its conflict of laws and choice of law rules. The
parties agree that service of any process, summons, notice or document by U.S. certified mail or overnight delivery by a generally recognized commercial courier service to Employee’s last known address (or any mode of service recognized to be
effective by applicable law) will be effective service of process for any action, suit or proceeding brought against Employee. The failure of either party hereto to enforce any right under this Employment Agreement will not be considered a waiver of
that right, or of damages caused thereby, or of any other rights under this Employment Agreement. 

15.    
Arbitration and Waiver of Jury Trial
. 

(a)    Any “Legal Dispute” (as defined below) between Employee and any MKS Entity (or between Employee and
any employee or agent of any MKS Entity, to the extent directly or indirectly arising from or relating in any way to Employee’s employment with or separation from the Company) will be resolved by final and binding arbitration. Notwithstanding
the foregoing sentence, the Company may, in its sole discretion, obtain preliminary injunctive relief enforcing the provisions of the Confidential Information Agreement or Section 7 of this Employment Agreement from any court of competent
jurisdiction. 
 
(b)    “Legal Dispute” means a dispute about legal rights or legal obligations, including but
not limited to any rights or obligations arising under this Employment Agreement; the Confidential Information Agreement; any other agreement; any applicable legal or equitable doctrine; any applicable common law theory; or any applicable federal,
state or local, statute, regulation or other legal requirement. 
 
(c)    The arbitration will be held in the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It will be conducted in accordance with the then-prevailing Employment Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. 

(d)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Employment Agreement or any other agreement or of any arbitration
rules, no Legal Dispute involving any MKS Entity may be included in any class or collective arbitration or any other class or collective proceeding. The exclusive method for resolving any such Legal Dispute will be arbitration on an individual
basis. 
 
(e)    Any issues about whether a dispute is subject to arbitration will be determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. Any issues about the meaning or enforceability of Section 15(d) will be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. 

 
 
8 

(f)    The Company, Employee and the arbitrator will treat all aspects
of the arbitration proceedings, including without limitation, discovery, testimony and other evidence, briefs and the award, as strictly confidential, except that the arbitration award may be disclosed to the extent necessary to enforce the award,
the provisions of the Confidential Information Agreement or the provisions of this Employment Agreement. 

(g)    Employee and the Company understand and acknowledge that by agreeing to arbitrate the disputes covered by this
Section 15, they are waiving the right to resolve those disputes in court and waiving any right to a jury trial with respect to those disputes. 

16.    
Knowing and Voluntary Agreement.
 Employee understands that Employee has the right to consult counsel before
signing this Employment Agreement. 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, this
Employment Agreement as a sealed instrument, all as of the day, month and year first written above. 
 
 

MKS INSTRUMENTS, INC.

  

  

  

By:

  

 
    /s/ Gerald G. Colella

 

  

Dated:

  

 
8/11/16

  

Name:

  

 
    Gerald G. Colella

 

  

  

  

Title:

  

 
    CEO & President

 

  

  

  

 
/s/ Kathleen F. Burke

 

  

Dated:

  

8-9-16

  

[EMPLOYEE]

 

  

  

  

 
 
9 

Exhibit 10.2 

AMENDMENT TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

This AMENDMENT (the “Amendment”) to the Employment Agreement is made this 29
th

day of October, 2018, by and between MKS Instruments, Inc., a Massachusetts corporation (“MKS”) and Kathleen Burke of Winchester, MA (“Employee”). 

WHEREAS, MKS and Employee are parties to an employment agreement effective August 1, 2016 (the “Employment Agreement”); and

 
WHEREAS, MKS and Employee wish to modify certain provisions of the Employment Agreement relating to Employee’s eligibility for
severance pay and benefits; 
 
NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt whereof are hereby
acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 
1.    In Section 6(d) of the Employment Agreement, the words “a
minimum of 6 months of Base Salary or two weeks of Base Salary per year of service, whichever is greater, in either case” are deleted and replaced with the words “12 months of Base Salary”. 

2.    In Section 6(d) of the Employment Agreement, the following new sentence is added immediately after the first
sentence: “If the Company terminates Employee’s employment and provided that all of the immediately foregoing conditions, (i)-(iii), are satisfied, the Company shall also continue to pay for any medical, dental and/or vision insurance that
Employee elects to continue receiving under COBRA for twelve (12) months after the last full day Employee works prior to the effective date of Employee’s termination under this Employment Agreement, less the premium contribution paid by
similarly-situated active employees who are enrolled in comparable coverage.” 
 
3.    Except as modified in
paragraphs 1 and 2 above, the Employment Agreement shall remain unchanged. To avoid any doubt and without limitation of any kind, the parties acknowledge and agree that this Amendment is not intended to, and shall not, have any effect on
Employee’s obligations under Section 7 of the Employment Agreement, notwithstanding the enactment of Section 24L of Chapter 149 of the Massachusetts General Laws or any other change in the law after the parties entered into the
Employment Agreement. To ensure that MKS’s ability to enforce the post-employment restrictions set forth in Section 7 of the Employment Agreement is in no way diminished by the parties entering into this Amendment, Employee agrees that MKS
may (if it deems advisable in its sole discretion) add to the General Release referred to in Section 6(d) of the Employment Agreement post-employment restrictions identical to the post-employment restrictions set forth in Section 7 of the
Employment Agreement. 
 
In witness whereof, the parties hereto have executed, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, this Amendment as a
sealed instrument, as of the date first written above. 
 
 

MKS INSTRUMENTS, INC.

By:

 

Catherine M. Langtry

 

SVP HR

 

/s/ Kathleen F. Burke

 

Kathleen Burke