EX-10.4

2

tm2416307d1_ex10-4.htm

EXHIBIT 10.4

 

Exhibit 10.4

 

AMENDED
AND RESTATED

EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT

 

(Amendment No. 3)

 

THIS AMENDMENT NO. 3 TO AMENDED AND RESTATED EMPLOYMENT
AGREEMENT, dated as of June 3, 2024, between PENNS WOODS BANCORP, INC. (“
Penns Woods
”), a Pennsylvania business
corporation, and RICHARD A. GRAFMYRE, an adult individual (“
Executive
”).

 

WITNESSETH
:

 

WHEREAS, Penns Woods and Executive are parties
to an amended and restated employment agreement, dated March 9, 2021, as amended by an Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement,
dated July 15, 2022 (“
Amendment No. 1 to Employment Agreement
”), and an Amendment No. 2 to Employment
Agreement, dated December 12, 2023 (“
Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement
”)(as so amended, the “
Employment
Agreement
”); and

 

WHEREAS, Penns Woods and Executive desire to further
amend the Employment Agreement as provided herein.

 

NOW, THEREFORE, the parties hereto, intending to
be legally bound, agree as follows:

 

1. 
Amendment to Section 4(a) of Employment
Agreement
. Section 4(a) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

 

“(a)  
Salary
. Executive shall be paid a base
salary at the rate of $850,000 per year, annualized commencing with the first pay period for June 2024, payable at such times as
salaries are paid to other executive officers of Penns Woods. The Board of Directors of Penns Woods shall review Executive’s base
salary annually and may, from time to time, in its discretion increase Executive’s base salary. Any and all such increases in base
salary shall be deemed to constitute amendments to this subsection to reflect the increased amounts, effective as of the dates established
for such increases by appropriate corporate action.”

 

2. 
Amendment to Section 4(b) of Employment
Agreement
. Section 4(b) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

 

“(b)  
Discretionary Bonus
. Executive shall
be entitled to participate in an equitable manner with other senior management employees of Penns Woods in such annual or other periodic
bonus programs (if any) as may be maintained from time to time by Penns Woods for its executive officers; provided, however, that Executive’s
bonus under such programs (if any) shall in no event exceed $325,000 in cash for any calendar year. At the discretion of the Compensation
Committee of the Penns Wood Board, (i) up to fifty percent (50%) of the aggregate amount of any discretionary bonus payable to Executive
with respect to any year may be paid in Penns Woods common stock issued under the Penns Woods 2020 Equity Incentive Plan in lieu of cash
and (ii), with respect to any year in which a portion of the discretionary bonus is payable in Penns Woods common stock, any portion of
the remaining bonus amount otherwise payable in cash for such year (up to 100% of the aggregate bonus amount payable for such year) may
be payable in the form of Penns Woods common stock with the consent of Executive. The aggregate number of shares of Penns Woods common
stock issuable with respect to any year shall be subject to any limitations on the total number of shares that may be issued to any individual
under any plan, program, or policy of Penns Woods then in effect. Any shares of Penns Woods common stock issued to Executive under this
Section shall be subject to the same restrictions on transfer as are applicable shares issued under the 2020 Non-Employee Director
Compensation Plan; provided, however, that (i) when Executive attains age 71 no more than a one (1) year transfer restriction
shall apply to any such shares and (ii) when Executive attains age 72, all transfer restrictions then applicable to any such shares
shall lapse.

 

1
 

 

 

3. 
Amendment to Section 4(c) of Employment
Agreement
. Section 4(c) of the Employment Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

 

(c)  
Vacation and Sick Leave
. Executive shall be
entitled to such paid time off as may be determined in accordance with the personnel policies of Penns Woods from time to time in effect
(currently thirty-four (34) days for Executive). Executive shall not receive any payments for unused paid time off.

 

4. 
Ratification of Employment Agreement
.
Except as amended by this Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, all terms and conditions of the Employment
Agreement remain in full force and effect, and nothing contained in this Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
shall be deemed to alter or amend any provision of the Employment Agreement except as specifically provided herein. References in the
Employment Agreement to the "Agreement" shall be deemed to be references to the Employment Agreement (as amended by Amendment
No. 1 to Employment Agreement and Amendment No. 2 to Employment Agreement) as further amended hereby.

 

5. 
Notices
. Except as otherwise provided
in this Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, any notice required or permitted to be given under this Amendment
No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement shall be deemed properly given if in writing and if mailed by registered or certified
mail, postage prepaid with return receipt requested, to Executive’s residence (as then reflected in the personnel records of the
Employer), in the case of notices to Executive, and to the then principal offices of Penns Woods, in the case of notices to the Employer.

 

6. 
Waiver
. No provision of this Amendment
No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement may be modified, waived, or discharged unless such waiver, modification, or discharge
is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and the Employer. No waiver by any party hereto at any time of any breach by the other
party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement
to be performed by such other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior
or subsequent time.

 

2
 

 

 

7. 
Assignment
. This Amendment No. 3
to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement shall not be assignable by any party, except by Penns Woods to any of its affiliated companies
or to any successor in interest to its businesses.

 

8. 
Entire Agreement; Effect on Prior Agreements
.
This Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties relating to the subject
matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces any prior agreement relating to the subject matter hereof.

 

9. 
Validity
. The invalidity or unenforceability
of any provision of this Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability
of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.

 

10. 
Applicable Law
. This Amendment No. 3
to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
without regard to its conflict of laws principles.

 

11. 
Headings
. The section headings of this
Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning
or construction, or limit the scope or intent, of any of the provisions hereof.

 

12. 
Number
. Words used herein in the singular
form shall be construed as being used in the plural form, as the context requires, and vice versa.

 

[Signature Page Follows]

 

3
 

 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this
Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement as of the date set forth below.

 

PENNS
 WOODS BANCORP, INC.

 

 

 

By:

 
R. Edward Nestlerode, Jr. 

Date:
 June 3, 2024

 

Chairman

 

 

(“Penns Woods”)

 

 

 

/s/
 Richard A. Grafmyre 

Date:
 June 3, 2024

RICHARD
 A. GRAFMYRE

 

(“Executive”)

 

 

4