EX-10.5

4

d550248dex105.htm

EX-10.5

EX-10.5

Exhibit 10.5 

January 26, 2019 
 
Arnon Rosenthal, Ph.D. 

151 Oyster Point Blvd. #300 
 
South San Francisco, CA 94080 

Re: Confirmatory Employment Letter 
 
Dear Arnon: 

This letter agreement (the “Agreement”) is entered into between Arnon Rosenthal (“you”) and Alector, Inc. (the
“Company” or “we”), effective as of January 25, 2019 (the “Effective Date”), to confirm the terms and conditions of your employment with the Company as of the Effective Date. This Agreement supersedes and replaces
any and all employment terms, compensation, or benefits you may have had or to which you may have been entitled prior to the Effective Date. 
 
 

1.

 
Title; Position. 
You will continue to serve as the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. You also will
continue to report to the Board (as defined below) and will perform the duties and responsibilities customary for such position and such other related duties as are lawfully assigned by the Board. While you render services to the Company, you will
not engage in any other employment, consulting, or other business activity (whether full-time or part-time) that would create a conflict of interest with the Company. You may engage in civic and 
not-for-profit
 activities as long as such activities do not interfere with the performance of your duties under this Agreement. By signing this Agreement, you confirm that you have no contractual commitments
or other legal obligations that would prohibit you from performing your duties for the Company. 
 
 

2.

 
Base Salary. 
As of the Effective Date, your annual base salary will be $395,900, which will be payable,
less any applicable withholdings, in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices. Your annual base salary will be subject to review and adjustment from time to time by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”) or
its Compensation Committee (the “Committee”), as applicable, in its sole discretion. 
 
 

3.

 
Annual Bonus. 
As of the Effective Date, you will have the opportunity to earn a target annual cash bonus
equal to 40% of your annual base salary earned during the fiscal year, based on achieving performance objectives established by the Board or Committee, as applicable, in its sole discretion and payable upon achievement of those objectives as
determined by the Board or the Committee. Unless determined otherwise by the Board or Committee, as applicable, any such bonus will be subject to your continued employment through and until the date of payment. Your annual bonus opportunity and the
applicable terms and conditions may be adjusted from time to time by the Board or the Committee, as applicable, in its sole discretion. 
 
 

4.

 
Equity Awards
. You will be eligible to receive awards of stock options, restricted stock units or other
equity awards pursuant to any plans or arrangements the Company may have in effect from time to time. The Board or Committee, as applicable, will determine in its sole discretion whether you will be granted any such equity awards and the terms of
any such award in accordance with the terms of any applicable plan or arrangement that may be in effect from time to time. 
 
 

5.

 
Employee Benefits. 
You will continue to be eligible to participate in the benefit plans and programs
established by the Company for its employees from time to time, subject to their applicable terms and conditions, including without limitation any eligibility requirements. The Company reserves the right to modify, amend, suspend, or terminate the
benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. 
 
 

6.

 
Severance. 
You will be eligible to enter into a Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the
“Severance Agreement”) applicable to you based on your position within the Company. The Severance Agreement will specify the severance payments and benefits you may become entitled to receive in connection with certain qualifying
terminations of your employment with the Company. These protections will supersede all other severance payments and benefits to which you otherwise may be entitled, or may become entitled in the future, under any plan, program, or policy that the
Company may have in effect from time to time. For purposes of clarification, any severance benefits or arrangements that may have applied to you before the Effective Date no longer will apply and you will have no rights or entitlements under any
such plans, programs, agreements, or arrangements. 
 
 

7.

 
Confidentiality Agreement. 
As an employee of the Company, you will continue to have access to certain
confidential information of the Company and you may, during the course of your employment, develop certain information or inventions that will be the property of the Company. To protect the interests of the Company, your acceptance of this Agreement
confirms that the terms of the Company’s Invention, 
Non-Competition
 and 
Non-Disclosure
 Agreement you previously signed with the Company (the “Confidentiality
Agreement”) still apply. 
 
 

8.

 
At-Will
 Employment. 
This Agreement does not imply any right to
your continued employment for any period with the Company or any of its affiliates. Your employment with the Company will continue to be “at will.” It is for no specified term, and may be terminated by you or the Company at any time, with
or without cause or advance notice. 
 
 

9.

 
Miscellaneous. 
This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, the Severance Agreement and
any outstanding equity awards granted to you by the Company under its 2017 Stock Option and Grant Plan and the applicable award agreements thereunder, constitute the entire agreement between you and the Company regarding the material terms and
conditions of your employment, and they supersede and replace all prior negotiations, representations or agreements between you and the Company. This Agreement may be modified only by a written agreement signed by you and a duly authorized officer
of the Company. 
 
[Signature page follows] 

 
 
2 

To confirm the current terms and conditions of your employment, please sign and date in the spaces indicated
and return this Agreement to me. 
 
 

Sincerely,

Alector, Inc.

By:

 

 
/s/ Tillman Gerngross

 

Tillman Gerngross

 

Chairperson of the Board

 
 

Agreed to and accepted:

 
/s/ Arnon Rosenthal

Arnon Rosenthal

Dated: January 26, 2019

 
 
3