EX-10.1_2

8

ex10-1_2.htm

 

Exhibit
10.1.2

 

American
Picture House Corporation 

 

CONSULTING
AGREEMENT

 

This
Consulting Agreement 
(“Agreemenf’)
 is made effective as ofMay 3, 2024 (the 
“Effective 
Date”),
by and between American Picture House Corporation (the 
“Company”), 
a Wyoming corporation, and JonCar
Productions, LLC (“Lender”) f/s/o Jonathan Sanger 
(“Sanger”), 
a citizen of the State of
California, . Lender and Sanger may be refeחed to herein collectively as 
“Consultanf’. 
Consultant
and Company may be refeחed to herein individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”. The
Parties agree that effective as of the Effective Date, this Agreement supersedes and replaces any prior agreement Consultant may
have had with Company and that Consultant has no claims under any prior agreement as of the Effective Date. 

 

●

DUתES; REPORTING RELATIONSHIP; OFFICE LOCATION.

 

●
Company hereby engages Consultant on a non-exclusive basis effective as of the Effective Date to act as Company’s President.

 

●

Relationship,
 The Parties to this Agreement are independent contractors. Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish a partnership,
joint venture, franchise, employee/employer or any other form of relationship as participants in a joint undertaking. Each party shall
be solely responsible for any claims, damages or lawsuits arising out of the acts of its employees and agents. Neither party shall incur
any obligations for or in the name of the other party, or have the authority to bind or obligate the other party.

 

●
Services: , Lender shall provide the services of Consultant on a non-exclusive basis to provide services in an executive capacity
commonly associated with this position, including the 
roles and responsibilities identified on 
EXHIBIT A,

attached hereto, and as also may be assigned to Consultant by the ChiefExecutive Officer ofthe Company 
(1’CEO’ך

and the Board of Directors of the Company ( 
11Board’ך 
and agreed to by Consultant from time to time. The
Company, with approval of Lender, may make changes to Consultant’s roles, responsibilities and reporting from time to time
without advance notice to accommodate its business interest and this Agreement will continue to apply after such changes.

 

●
Consultant will report tס the CEO and work primarily from wherever Consultant customarily works.

 

●
In providing services to the Company, Consultant may be required to travel. Consultant shall be promptly reimbursed for all reasonable
expenses, including travel and entertainment, incuחed in the performance of Consultant’s duties. Consultant will maintain
records and written receipts as required by Company policy.

 

●
On the Effective Date, Consultant shall devote such time and efforts as Consultant, in consultation with Company, deems reasonable and
necessary to complete the Services.

 

 
 
 

 

 

●

COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS.

 

●

Base Compensation. 
Effective from the Effective Date, Consultant’s starting base compensation is $20,000.00 USD per month,
said compensation to be paid as advances against customary producer fees, which fees shall be set forth in the production budget for
any film produced by Company. During Consultant’s engagement with the Company, Consultant’s base compensation will be reviewed
at least annually by the Compensation Committee of the Board (the 
“Compensation Committee”) 
and any subsequent
compensation increases will be subject to the approval of the Compensation Committee.

 

● 
Performance
Bonus and Company Equity. 
In addition to the above base compensation, Consultant will be eligible to eam a discretionary
performance bonus (the 
“Performance Bonus”)
 and/or Company equity (the 
“Company
Equity”), 
with the amount of any bonus to be paid and/or equity awarded to be determined by the Compensation Committee
(after consultation with the CEO). Consultant must be actively engaged with the Company and in good standing on the payment and/or
award date of Consultant’s Performance Bonus or Company Equity to eam and be eligible to receive a Performance Bonus or
Company Equity. The Compensation Committee will determine in its sole discretion whether Consultant has eamed the Performance Bonus
or Company Equity and the amount of any Performance Bonus or Company Equity based upon performance standards and guidelines
established or to be established by the Compensation Committee.

 

●

CONFffiENTIALITY AND PROPRIETARY INFORMATION OBLIGATIONS.

 

●

Company Policies.
 As a condition of Consultant’s engagement, Consultant agrees to abide by all Company policies, rules and
regulations.

 

●

Exclusive Property. 
The Parties agree that Consultant shall procure business opportunities for Company, and any such business
opportunities shall be discussed and terms, including financial compensation and/or ownership, shall be determined by the parties on
a case by case basis”

 

●

Confidentiality Agreement. 
Consultant is required, as a condition to Consultant’s engagement by the Company, to execute
and deliver to the Company, the Company’s standard Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form attached hereto as

EXHIBIT B
 (the 
“Confidentiality Agreement’j. 
By executing and delivering the Confidentiality
Agreement to the Company, Consultant is agreeing to abide by and be bound by the terms and conditions of that agreement. Consultant’s
obligations under the Confidentiality Agreement will survive the tennination of Consultant’s engagement with the Company.

 

●

NO CONFLICTS. 
By signing this Agreement, Consultant hereby represents to the Company that, except as previously disclosed to the
Company: (a) Consultant’s engagement with or service to the Company Group is not prohibited under any engagement agreement or other
contractual aחangement; and (b) Consultant does not know of any conflicts of interest with Consultant’s duties under this
Agreement which would restrict Consultant’s service to the Company
Group. Consultant hereby represents that Consultant has disclosed to the Company any contract Consultant has signed that may restrict
Consultant’s activities on behalf of the Company Group, and that Consultant is presently in compliance with such contracts, if
any. Company acknowledges that Consultant works in the entertainment industry and may consult with other business and/or individuals
involved therein, and Company hereby waives any potential conflict of interest.

 

 
 
 

 

 

●

TERMINATION.
 The Company or Lender may tenninate this Agreement, with or without cause, in its sole discretion, at any time and
upon 30-day written notice. Upon termination, Company shall immediately pay Consultant for amounts due up to the date of termination.

 

●

MISCELLANEOUS.

 

● 
Entire
Agreement. 
Consultant is required, as a condition to Consultant’s engagement with the Company, to execute and deliver the
Company’s standard Confidentiality and Non-Disclosure Agreement in the form attached hereto as 
EXHIBIT B
 (the 
itConjidentiality
Agreement”).
 This Agreement together with the Confidentiality Agreement shall constitute the complete and exclusive
statement of Consultant’s engagement with the Company. The engagement terms in this Agreement supersede any other agreements,
the terms of any equity grants to the extent inconsistent with the terms of this Agreement, or promises made to Consultant by
anyone, whether oral or written, concerning Consultant’s engagement terms. Changes in Consultant’s engagement terms,
other than those changes expressly reserved to the Company’s, the CEO’s, or Board’s discretion in this Agreement,
require a written modification approved by the Board and signed by Consultant and a duly authorized member of the Board.

 

●

Binding Effect; Severability. 
This Agreement will bind the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns ofboth Consultant
and the Company, and inure to the benefit of both Consultant and the Company, their heirs, successors and assigns. lf any provision of
this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination shall not affect any other provision
of this Agreement and the provision in question shall be modified so as to be rendered enforceable in a manner consistent with the intent
of the parties insofar as possible under applicable law.

 

●

Governing Law. 
The parties agree that all disputes relating in any manner to this Agreement will be submitted to binding arbitration
by JAMS under its then-applicable rules in the City ofLos Angeles. Prevailing party shall be entitled to recover attomey’s fees.
The parties each waive whatever rights each of them might otherwise have to a jury trial with respect to the disputes refeחed to
in this paragraph. This Agreement will be construed under the laws of the State of Califomia for agreements fully performed in this State
and without regard to conflicts of law principals.

 

 
 
 

 

 

●

Notices. 
All notices or other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be made in writing and shall be
deemed given if delivered personally or sent by nationally recognized ovemight courier service. Any notice or other communication shall
be deemed given on the date of delivery or on the date one (1) business day after it shall have been given to a nationally recognized
ovemight courier service. All such notices or communications shall be delivered to the recipient at the addresses indicated below:

 

To
the Company:

 

American
Picture House Corporation

c/o Bannor Michael MacGregor

477
Madison Avenue - 6FL

NewYork, NewYork 10022

 

With
copy to:

 

Donald
J. Harris

Harris
Sarratt & Hodges, LLP

1620
Hillsborough Street, Suite 200

Raleigh,
NC 27605

 

To
Consultant: 

 

At
Consultant’s address as it appears in the Company’s books and records or at such other place as Consultant shall have designated
by notice as herein provided to the Company.

 

●

Mutual Drafting. 
Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall not be construed against either party as the drafter. Any waiver of a breach
of this Agreement, or rights hereunder, shall be in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any successive breach or rights
hereunder.

 

●

Counterparts.
 This Agreement may be executed in counterparts which shall be deemed to be part of one original, and facsimile and
.pdf signatures shall be equivalent to original signatures.

 

1N
WITNESS WHEREOF, 
the Parties have executed this Agreement as ofthe Effective Date.

 

AMERICAN
 PICTURE HOUSE CORPORATION

 

 

 

 

 

DocuSigned
 by:

 

 

 

By:

 

 

 

Bannor
 Michael MacGregor, CEO

 

 

 

 

CONSULTANT:

 

JonCar
 Productions, LLC

 

 

 

 

By
 :

 

 

 

President

 

 

 
 
 

 

 

EXHIBIT
A

Roles
and Responsibilities - President

 

1.
Promoting the quality of the Company’s products and services with attention to the maintenance of the standards and procedures
the Company will establish; and

 

2.
Seeking to enhance and develop the Company’s relationships with the entertainment industry and technology developers; and

 

3.
Enhancing the ability of the Company to raise capital of its operations; and

 

4.
Identifying, procuring and introducing new business and creative projects to the Company for evaluation and potential involvement.

 

 
1
 

 

 

CONFIDENTIALITY
AND NONDISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

 

THIS
AGREEMENT
 made as of May 3, 2024 (the 
“Effective Date”), 
by and between American Picture House Corporation,
a Wyoming corporation (the 
“Company”),
 and Jonathan Sanger 
(“Sanger’’),
 a citizen
of Califomia, and JonCar Productions, LLC 
(“JonCar”),
 a California limited liability company. JonCar and Sanger
are collectively referred to herein as 
“Consultanf’.
 Consultant and Company may be referred to herein individually
as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties”.

 

WHEREAS,

Company is an entertainment company with a focus on producing feature films, limited series, and creating content-enhancing entertainment
technologies. Company partners with filmmakers, showrunners, content developers and strategic technology partners to develop, package,
finance, and produce high-quality feature films and television shows with broad market appeal. Company’s work necessarily involves
the development and utilization of information not generally known in the industry in which the Company is or may become engaged;and

 

WHEREAS,

Consultant has extensive experience in the entertainment industry. Consultant’s work necessarily involves the development and
utilization of information not generally known in the industry in which the Consultant is or may become engaged; and

 

WHEREAS,

the Consultant, pursuant to a separate Consulting Agreement, is acting as a consultant for the Company; and

 

WHEREAS,

in performing services as a consultant for Company, Consultant will necessarily be given access to 
“confidential information”

(defined below) of Company; and

 

WHEREAS,

in accepting the services of the Consultant, Company may be given access to 
“confidential information” 
(defmed
below) of Consultant; and

 

WHEREAS,

the use of the confidential information by, or its disclosure to, any person or organization other than the Party receiving such
confidential information pursuant to the terms ofthis Agreement (the 
“Receiving Party”) 
would be highly detrimental
and damaging to the Party disclosing such confidential information pursuant to the terms ofthis Agreement (the 
“Disclosing Party”).

 

NOW
THEREFORE, 
with the foregoing recitals being incorporated herein by reference and deemed an essential part hereof and in consideration
of the mutual promises, covenants and conditions contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

 

Section
1. 
Confidential lnf ormation

 

For
the purposes ofthis Agreement, “confidential information” shall mean information relating to the Disclosing Party’s
methods, concepts, ideas, products, work product, and services which is of a proprietary or confidential nature, whether communicated
orally or in writing, data or sample form, including, without limitation, concepts, techniques, processes, designs, screenplays, scripts,
fmancial projections, budgets, forecasts, cost data and analyses, computer programs, and other know-how that is disclosed to the Receiving
Party by the Disclosing Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

 

 
 
 

 

 

Section
2. 
Non Disclosure of Confidential Information

 

2.1

Non-disclosure.
 The Receiving Party shall not, without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, disclose such confidential
information to any third party, including any third-party consultant(s). Further, the Receiving Party shall only use the confidential
information pursuant to and for the purposes contemplated by the Consultant’s Consulting Agreement with Company. The parties acknowledge
that iחeparable injury and damage will result from disclosure of the confidential information to unauthorized third parties or
from utilization of the confidential information for any purpose other than the purposes described herein. Also, the Receiving Party
shall take all reasonable steps to ensure that the confidential information in the Receiving Party’s possession remains confidential.

 

The
foregoing restrictions shall not be applicable to any information which:

 

 

(a)

the
 Receiving Party can show was previously known to him/her/it prior tס receipt from the Disclosing Party, without breach of an
 obligation of confidence to any third party; or

 

 

 

 

(b)

is
 now, or hereafter, comes into the public domain סr is otherwise legally known or available to the public through sources other
 than the Receiving Party; or

 

 

 

 

(c)

is
 subsequently legally disclosed to the Receiving Party by a third party not owing obligations of confidence to the Disclosing Party,
 or

 

 

 

 

(d)

is,
 or will be, developed independently by the Receiving Party outside of his/her/its services to Disclosing Party, solely through his/her/its
 affiliates which have not been exposed directly or indirectly to the confidential information, or

 

 

 

 

(e)

the
 Receiving Party is obligated to produce as a result of a court order or other valid and legally enforceable mandate, provided that
 the Disclosing Party has been given reasonable advance notice thereof and an opportunity tס waive its rights or tס seek
 a protective order or other appropriate remedy.

 

For
the purposes of this Section 2, disclosures which provide specific detailed information shall not be deemed to be within the foregoing
exceptions merely because they are embraced by more general disclosures in the public domain or in the Receiving Party’s possession.
1n addition, any combination of features shall not be deemed to be within the foregoing exceptions merely because information about individual
components is separately in the public domain or in the Receiving Party’s possession, but only if the combination itself and its
principle of operation are in the public domain or in the lawful possession of the Receiving Party without restriction on disclosure.

 

 
2
 

 

 

2.2

Retum of documents.
 Upon termination of Consultant’s position as a consultant to Company, the Parties agree that all documents,
records, notebooks and similar repositories of or containing confidential information, including copies of such materials, in whatever
form, then in their possession, whether prepared by it or others belonging to the other Party, will be returned to the other Party.

 

2.3
Receiving Party acknowledges that the confidential information belongs to Disclosing Party, that Disclosing Party claims the confidential
information comprises trade confidentials, claims that the confidential information is confidential to Disclosing Party and that each
of the obligations assumed by Receiving Party in this, and the other paragraphs contained herein, is a material inducement to disclose
the confidential information to Receiving Party.

 

Section
3. 
No License Granted

 

Nothing
herein shall be deemed to confer on the Receiving Party a license or other right to use the confidential information disclosed hereunder
for any purpose other than the purposes expressly stated in this Agreement. Specifically, and without limitation, Receiving Party shall
have no license or right tס use any confidential information in developing any product, work of art, invention, discovery, know-how,
trade confidential, patent, trademark, or copyright.

 

Section
4. 
Enforcement

 

1n
the event that the Receiving Party shall breach this Agreement, or in the event that such breach appears to be an imminent possibility,
Disclosing Party shall be entitled to all legal and equitable remedies afforded it by law as a result ofthe breach (including an injunction
restraining the party or parties about to commit any breach of this Agreement, or who have committed a breach of it, without showing
or proving any actual damage sustained by Disclosing Party), and may, in addition to any and all other forms of relief, recover from
Receiving Party all reasonable costs and attomeys’ fees incuחed by it in seeking any such remedy.

 

Section
5. Binding 
Effect

 

This
Agreement shall be binding upon the parties to this Agreement and upon their respective executors, administrators, legal representatives,
successors and assigns.

 

Section
6. Applicable Law

 

This
Agreement shall be govemed for all purposes by the laws ofthe State ofNorth Carolina, with Wake County, North Carolina as the agreed
upon proper venue. The Parties shall retain all rights and remedies afforded to them under the patent, trademark, copyright and other
laws of the United States and the States thereof, and of other countries, including without limitation any laws designed to protect proprietary
or confidential information.

 

 
3
 

 

 

1N
WITNESS WHEREOF, 
the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

 

AMERICAN
 PICTURE HOUSE CORPORATION

 

 

 

 

 

Signed
 by:

 

 

 

 

By:

/s/
 Bannor Michael Macgregor

 

 

Bannor
 Michael MacGregor, CEO

 

 

 

 

CONSULTANT:

 

 

 

 

 

/s/
 Jonathan Sanger

 

 

Jonathn
 Sanger