EX-10.1

12

ex10_1.htm

LICENSE AGREEMENT WITH DIGITAL CAVALIER TECHNOLOGY SERVICES, INC. - 2.9.22

Exhibit
10.1

 

LICENSE
AGREEMENT

February
09, 2022

This

LICENSE 
(hereafter, the “
Agreement
”), to be effective as of the 9
th
 day of February 2022 (hereafter,
the “
Effective Date
”), is made by and between 
Digital Cavalier Technology Services Inc. d/b/a YOUNEEQ.
,
a British Columbia, Canada corporation, (“
YOUNEEQ
”) and 
American Hemp Ventures, Inc.
, a Nevada Corporation,
(“
AMHV
”) (YOUNEEQ and AMHV are hereinafter sometimes referred to individually as “
Party
”
and collectively as “
Parties
”).

WHEREAS
,
YOUNEEQ develops, distributes, and markets cookieless AI Personalization engine software as a service (SaaS) products and services,
for e-commerce, content marketing, digital publishing, and other industries where a relevant customer experience is necessary.

WHEREAS

AMHV desires to license, market and sell Youneeq’s solution with respect to the Operational Artificial Intelligence Platform
as described on Addendum A.

1. 
       
DEFINITIONS.

For the purposes of this Agreement, the following terms will have the

a.
The term “
Agreement
” means this Agreement, together with
all Addenda attached hereto.

b.
The term “
Youneeq AI
” refers to the YOUNEEQ Artificial
Intelligence Software, currently version 2, which is installed in a cloud-based location and applied to e-commerce and retail,
content marketing and publishing, and independent software vendors platforms. (See 
Addendum A
).

c.
The term “
Specifications
” refers to those features, functions,
and characteristics of the Youneeq AI described in 
Addendum A 
to this Agreement.

d.
The term “
Application
” means any application and all its
features that can be used in any industry, including industries such as e-commerce and retail, content marketing and publishing,
and independent software vendors. An application includes, but is not limited to, a fully operational compiled software platform
for streaming that is accessed in a cloud location by a user.

e.
Each Party’s “
intellectual property
” respectively
refers to, without limitation, all of its technology, ideas, designs, concepts, inventions and processes which may or may not be
patentable, and includes without limitation all its copyrights, licenses, trade secrets, know-how, formulae, algorithms, test information,
computer software, and firmware and the computer codes, customer lists, target lists, industry partners, and investors.

f.
The term “
Affiliate
” shall mean any person, firm, corporation
(including, without limitation, service corporation and professional corporation), partnership (including, without limitation,
general partnership, limited partnership, and limited liability partnership), limited liability Youneeq, joint venture, business
trust, association or other entity that now or in the future, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is under

1
 

common control with
a party. For purposes of the foregoing, “control” shall mean, with respect to (a) a corporation, the ownership, directly
or indirectly, of greater than fifty percent (50%) of the voting power to elect the directors thereof, or (b) any other entity,
the power to direct the management of such entity.

g.
The term “
NDA
” shall mean Non-Disclosure Agreement which
is attached hereto as 
Addendum B
.

NOW,
THEREFORE,
 for and in consideration of the mutual covenants, premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties expressly agree as follows:

2. 
       
LICENSE
CONSIDERATION AND TERMS. 

Subject
to the terms of this Agreement, YOUNEEQ grants an exclusive License to AMHV for this application and the consideration for this
exclusive license which shall be as follows:

(a)
AMHV shall pay to Youneeq $40,000 USD monthly for twenty-five (25) months for a total
of $1,000,000 USD as consideration for the continuation of the rights and licenses granted herein. The first $40,000 payment shall
be paid to Youneeq within 5 business days of the execution of this Agreement. AMHV has the right to accelerate any and all payments
with no penalty.

 

(b)
AMHV shall issue thirty million (30,000,000) fully paid and non-assessable common
shares of AMHV to Digital Cavalier Technology Services Inc., or its Assigns.

 

(c)
AMHV shall prepare invoices, mail and collect bills, and issue written receipts for
cash payments, for services provided by Youneeq to its customers under this Agreement.

 

(d)
AMHV agrees to pay Youneeq the equivalent of 5% of gross revenue (“License Fees”)
generated from all Youneeq software and services as consideration for the continuation of the rights and licenses granted herein.

 

(e)
AMHV shall pay the above License Fees within thirty days after the end of each calendar
month with respect to revenues received by AMHV in such months that are subject to the Agreement.

 

(f)
Youneeq shall be entitled to its License Fees for so long as AMHV or its successors
or assignees continue to receive revenue from Youneeq’s offerings.

 

(g)
AMHV shall have no obligations to make any further payments to Youneeq other than
those set forth in Section 2.

 

(h)
Tagalong provisions – continuing covenant. In the event of any offer to AMHV,
for sale or purchase or acquisition of the business, sublicense, merger, or recapitalization, AMHV shall include YOUNEEQ as an
equity participant on similar terms to any.

 

(i)
AMHV agrees that all intellectual property that Youneeq creates in the performance
of its duties during the duration of this agreement, including ideas, writings, developments, improvements, designs, photographs,
software, programming, models, graphics, and other works is the sole and exclusive property of Youneeq.

2
 

 

(j)
Included in the Licensee Fees, YOUNEEQ shall provide to AMHV software application
development, sales, and marketing services.

 

3.
TERM OF AGREEMENT. 

The
term of the Agreement shall be twenty-five (25) months from the Effective Date, which shall automatically renew for consecutive
twenty-four (24) month periods, as long as the license is in good standing.

4.
TERMINATION. 

a.
This Agreement may be terminated prior to the expiration of the term set forth in 
Section 3
 upon the occurrence of any of
the following events:

i.
AMHV’s failure to pay YOUNEEQ for any License Fees shall be grounds for the
termination by YOUNEEQ of this License, at its sole discretion. However, all shares received by YOUNEEQ hereunder shall be fully
earned and deemed fully paid and non-assessable and noncancellable for any reason.

ii.
By mutual written agreement of the Parties; or

iii.
By written notice by AMHV if AMHV does not accept the software by the Acceptance Date
and YOUNEEQ is unable to modify the software to address the problem within a time reasonably specified by AMHV, with a new acceptance
phase for the modified software; or

iv.
Upon the failure of either Party to observe, keep or perform in any material respect
any of the covenants, terms, and conditions of this Agreement, where such failure is not fully cured by the defaulting Party within
thirty (30) days after written notice from the other Party of such failure and the non-defaulting Party gives written notice after
said thirty (30) day period of its election to terminate this Agreement; or

v.
In the event either Party ceases conducting business in a normal course, becomes insolvent,
makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, suffers or permits the appointment of a receiver for its business or
assets, or avails itself of, or becomes subject to, any proceeding under the Federal Bankruptcy Act or any other statute of any
state relating to insolvency or the protection of creditor rights, the other Party shall have a right to terminate this Agreement,
provided that in the case of an involuntary bankruptcy proceeding such right to terminate shall only become effective if the Party
consents thereto or such proceeding is not dismissed within sixty (60) days after the filing thereof. The Parties agree that each
Party may fully exercise all of its rights and elections under the Bankruptcy Code.

b.
Termination of this Agreement by AMHV pursuant to 
Section 4.a.ii
 above shall
relieve AMHV of making the payments specified in 
Sections 2.
 a through d.

c.
Expiration of this Agreement at the end of its term or termination of this Agreement
for the default of YOUNEEQ shall not affect or void any of the licenses granted herein.

3
 

 

d.
Termination of this Agreement by mutual agreement (i) will not affect any rights or
licenses granted to AMHV under any other agreements between the Parties, and (ii) will not terminate the license to use, provide
access to and maintain the Youneeq AI installed on any application subscribed, sold, licensed, leased, rented or transferred by
AMHV or which AMHV is obligated at the time of termination to sell, license, lease, rent or transfer, and any other portion of
the Youneeq AI necessary to the continued operation and maintenance of such Applications. Any other terms, rights, or licenses
under this Agreement that, by their nature, extend beyond such termination or expiration shall survive this Agreement. Such continuing
terms, rights, or licenses shall apply to both parties’ successors and assigns. 
Sections 5, 7, 8, and 12
 shall survive
termination or expiration of this Agreement.

e.
In the event of termination due to the failure by AMHV to pay in full the compensation
set forth in 
Sections 2
(d), the licenses granted to AMHV herein shall terminate, YOUNEEQ shall be entitled to injunctive
relief. AMHV shall return or destroy any and all of YOUNEEQ’s confidential information, including but not limited to copies
of the Youneeq AI in its possession and associated tools and documentation, and shall immediately discontinue development of or
with the aforementioned property or information. Similarly, YOUNEEQ shall return or destroy any and all of AMHV’s intellectual
property or confidential information. In the event of a termination by reason of AMHV’s default of 
Section 4.a.iii

above but after payment in full of the compensation set forth in 
Sections 2.a
, no license granted herein, including all
licenses with respect to the Youneeq AI, shall be terminated but shall remain in full force and effect. Any creditor who may receive
assets from AMHV through bankruptcy shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Software Agreement.

f.
YOUNEEQ shall be entitled to injunctive relief for any prohibited use of the Youneeq
AI. Furthermore, AMHV shall pay YOUNEEQ $700 (USD) per Application placed in the field utilizing the Youneeq AI after such use
is prohibited under the terms of this Agreement.

g.
Upon termination of this Agreement, AMHV shall return or destroy any and all of YOUNEEQ’s
confidential information, including but not limited to copies of the Youneeq AI in its possession and associated tools and documentation,
and shall immediately discontinue development of or with the aforementioned property or information. Similarly, YOUNEEQ shall
return or destroy any and all of AMHV’s intellectual property or confidential information.

 

5. 
       
INTELLECTUAL
PROPERTY CONFIDENTIALITY. 

a.
YOUNEEQ assigns to AMHV use of all of its title to its copyrights, patents, and any
other intellectual property rights as defined above. YOUNEEQ does not transfer title or any interest in or to the copyrights,
codes, patents, or trademarks in the Youneeq AI to AMHV. In the event of a default where the parties agree to terminate and dissolve
this agreement, title to the intellectual property licensed to AMHV, in its original content and configuration, shall be transferred
back to

b.
AMHV shall not allow any non-AMHV employee to examine, use or otherwise gain access
or understanding of the internal operations of the Youneeq AI, provided by YOUNEEQ per this agreement, with the exception of disclosure
to, or access by, (i) government employees or agents (as required by law and/or as required pursuant to the regulations of a Licensed
Jurisdiction) for certification or otherwise, (ii) personnel acting on behalf of a quality assurance laboratory in connection
with securing or maintaining certification for quality assurance approval, and (iii) independent contractors who have a need to
such disclosure and access to assist AMHV in

4
 

maintaining, modifying
and enhancing the Youneeq AI, or in obtaining certifications, but only if such contractors are bound by a confidentiality agreement
with terms similar to those on 
Addendum B
. AMHV shall be liable for any breach by independent contractors. AMHV’s
funding partners and prospective buyers shall not be excluded by this clause, so long as the Parties sign a binding Non-Disclosure
and Confidentiality Agreement, prior to the disclosure.

c.
Prior to and during the performance of the Agreement, information in any form of either
Party (the “
Disclosing Party
”), which such Party normally keeps confidential and which a reasonable person
would assume is confidential, may be, or has been, disclosed and received by, or come to the knowledge of, the other Party (the
“
Receiving Party
”), including without limitation information related to the Disclosing Party’s business,
organization, operations, intellectual property, clients/customers or software shall be deemed confidential information. The Receiving
Party acknowledges that said information (“
Confidential Information
”) shall be deemed confidential and proprietary,
without the need for it to be marked as confidential or proprietary. Except as necessary to disclose Confidential Information
to a government quality assurance agency or government employee in order to secure or maintain quality assurance compliance, or
to disclose such property or information to a quality assurance laboratory to secure or maintain certification for quality assurance
approval, or to disclose such property or information to a contractor, who is also bound by the terms of confidentiality, to assist
AMHV in maintaining, modifying and enhancing the Youneeq AI, neither Party shall disclose the Confidential Information of the
other to a third party, except in the event that the receiving party has executed a Non-Disclosure and Confidentiality Agreement,
such as in the event of proposed buyers or funding partners. The Receiving Party agrees that the Confidential Information shall
be kept in strict confidence and shall not be used for any purpose other than the performance of the Agreement, or otherwise disclosed
to anyone in any manner whatsoever, including by means of photocopy or reproduction, without the Disclosing Party’s prior
written consent, except to its employees and to those of its Affiliates as applicable, on a need-to-know basis. The Receiving
Party shall maintain adequate internal procedures, including appropriate binding agreements with its employees, Affiliates, and
independent contractors to protect the Confidential Information from unauthorized disclosure and use. The Receiving Party shall
use the same degree of care to avoid unauthorized disclosure of the Confidential Information as it employs with respect to its
own confidential/proprietary information of like quality and nature but employing no less than a reasonable standard of care.

d.
The Receiving Party shall have no obligation as to Confidential Information that (i)
can be shown by documentary evidence to have been previously known to the Receiving Party at the time of disclosure, (ii) is independently
developed by the Receiving Party without breach of this Agreement, (iii) is lawfully obtained from a third party without restriction
on use or disclosure, (iv) is or becomes part of the public domain through no fault of the Receiving Party, or (v) is disclosed
pursuant to any judicial or governmental requirement or order, provided that the Receiving Party takes reasonable steps to give
the Disclosing Party sufficient prior notice in order to contest such requirement or order.

e.
Both Parties agree that the terms of this Agreement shall remain confidential and
neither Party shall reveal or discuss said terms with a third party (with the exception of government or quality assurance agents
as stated in this Section or of the accountants, lawyers and business advisors of such Party) without the express written permission
of the other Party. The Parties agree to limit disclosure of the terms of this Agreement to their respective executive officers
and directors on a need-to-know basis.

5
 

f.
The obligations of confidentiality hereunder shall continue for five (5) years after
termination of this Agreement, and with respect to Confidential Information deemed a trade secret at law, beyond said five (5)
year period for so long as such information remains a trade secret.

g.
YOUNEEQ agrees not to compete against AMHV in the market with any product or service
or software hereafter, so long as this agreement is in effect.

 

6. 
       
WARRANTY.

a.
All warranties that each party provides under the Agreement are solely for the other
party’s benefit. AMHV may not transfer or assign any of these warranties except pursuant to an assignment of this Agreement
pursuant to the consent of YOUNEEQ.

b.
Each party warrants to the other that:

i.
It has the necessary expertise, capabilities, and resources to perform all of its
obligations under the Agreement; and

ii.
It is not under and will not assume any contractual obligation that conflicts with
its obligations under this Agreement.

c.
The only warranties and indemnities provided for the Youneeq AI are those granted
to AMHV in this Agreement.

 

YOUNEEQ
WARRANTS THAT THE VERSIONS CURRENTLY DESIGNATED YOUNEEQ AI LICENSED HEREUNDER: CONFORM AND WILL CONFORM, TO THE
SPECIFICATIONS ATTACHED HERETO AS ADDENDUM A. 

EXCEPT
AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOUNEEQ
 
PROVIDES THE YOUNEEQ AI TO AMHV “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY.
YOUNEEQ DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY,
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 

d.
Neither Party will make any representations or warranties about the Youneeq AI other
than those authorized by either Party in writing. This provision does not preclude a Party from making any statements to an employee
or agent of a Licensed Jurisdiction or of a quality assurance laboratory necessary or appropriate to obtain certification for
quality assurance approval or to comply with applicable law.

e.
YOUNEEQ represents that to the best of its knowledge it owns all rights, title, and
interest in and to, or has a license right with the right to sublicense, the Youneeq AI and related documentation, including all
of YOUNEEQ’s intellectual property rights therein, and has the right and authority to grant the licenses to AMHV on the
terms set forth herein. YOUNEEQ further represents that as of the Effective Date, it is not aware of any claim by another that
the use or modification of the Youneeq AI infringes any proprietary rights of another or would constitute a breach of a valid
license or other agreement. YOUNEEQ shall inform AMHV immediately if any such claim of infringement is threatened in writing or
is brought against it relating to the Youneeq AI.

6
 

f.
If an intellectual property infringement or misappropriation claim is asserted against
AMHV regarding any software transferred to AMHV under this Agreement, YOUNEEQ agrees to collaborate and negotiate in good faith
with AMHV to modify the Youneeq AI or other software upon request from AMHV. Neither Party will join a third party in a lawsuit
brought against the other Party in relation to the Youneeq AI, or other software provided under this Agreement.

 

7. 
       
INDEMNIFICATION.

a.
Each party shall indemnify, defend and hold the other party, its affiliates, and subsidiaries
and their respective directors, officers, employees, and representatives, harmless from and against any claims, damages, losses,
liabilities, causes of action or injuries, together with all costs and expenses, including penalties, interest levied, reasonable
attorney’s fees and court costs, arising out of or resulting from:

i.
any failure by the party, its employees or representatives to comply fully
with the obligations, representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement, including without limitation obligations against
unauthorized copying, use, reverse engineering and related infringing activities and disclosure of Confidential Information; or

ii.
any claim that the party, its employees, or representatives have acted in
a manner that constitutes gross negligence or willful misconduct or that constitutes a violation of any laws or any certification.

b.
If a third party makes a claim against YOUNEEQ based on AMHV’s representations
not authorized by YOUNEEQ, then AMHV shall indemnify YOUNEEQ.

c.
If a third party makes a claim against AMHV based on YOUNEEQ’s representations
not authorized by AMHV, then YOUNEEQ shall indemnify AMHV.

 

8.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 

To
the fullest extent permitted by law, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the total liability, in the aggregate,
of YOUNEEQ and YOUNEEQ’s officers, directors, partners, employees and subcontractors, and any of them, to AMHV and anyone
claiming by or through AMHV, for any and all claims, losses, costs or damages, including attorneys’ fees and costs and expert
witness fees and costs of any nature whatsoever (collectively, “
Losses
”), resulting from or in any way related
to claims of third parties that the possession or use of the software provided hereunder infringes or misappropriates the copyrights
of such third party, shall not exceed the total amount paid to YOUNEEQ by AMHV. In all other cases, the total liability of YOUNEEQ
for such Losses shall not exceed the total amount of Ten Thousand Dollars ($10,000). It is intended that this limitation applies
to any and all liability or cause of action however alleged or arising unless otherwise prohibited by law.

7
 

  

9.
ADVERTISING AND MARKETING. 

Neither
party will issue press releases or other publicity regarding the Agreement or the business relationship between the Parties without
the prior written approval of the other party.

10.
SOFTWARE DEFECTS. 

a.
YOUNEEQ has no obligation to correct errors or defects in any third-party software.

b.
YOUNEEQ will cooperate to provide Error Modifications to correct any Errors to software
defects in the YouneeqAI that Youneeq finds and repairs through the course of Youneeq ’s own business operations for a period
of 24 months after the Acceptance phase. YOUNEEQ will provide the fix in the form of a patch file or similar means that Youneeq
will be responsible for integrating.

 

11.
COMPLIANCE. 

It
is expressly understood by the Parties hereto that Youneeq may need to be a licensed or certified Youneeq in certain regulated
states jurisdictions which require Youneeq to perform due diligence on vendors, partners, and key employees as a condition of entering
a contract with such parties. Youneeq has completed such due diligence, submitted all necessary information concerning YOUNEEQ
to the relevant quality assurance body, and warrants that it has obtained all necessary authorizations to enter this Agreement.
YOUNEEQ warrants that it has no knowledge of any fact or condition about itself, its assets, its financial condition, or its operations,
which if known to any quality assurance body issuing such authorization, could reasonably be expected to cause any such authorization
to be terminated or revoked.

12.
GENERAL PROVISIONS. 

a.
This Agreement (including all Addenda attached hereto) is the entire understanding
and Agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all other prior oral or written communications,
negotiations, understandings, representations (if any) made by and between the Parties. If there is a conflict between any term
or condition in this Agreement and a term or condition in any of the Addenda, the term or condition herein will prevail.

b.
All of the terms and provisions of this Agreement whether so expressed or not, shall
be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by the Parties and their respective legal representatives, successors
and permitted assigns.

c.
Either party may transfer or assign this Agreement (including the licenses) only to
an Affiliate or to any person or entity who acquires all or substantially all of the assets of such Party or to any person or
entity to which all or substantially all of the assets of such Party are distributed. The person or entity that is the beneficiary
of the transfer of this Agreement shall be bound by all terms and conditions of this Agreement. This Agreement grants rights and
licenses only to one licensee at a time and can only be used by one entity at a time. In the event AMHV were to want to use the
Youneeq AI with another entity simultaneously, AMHV or the new entity would be liable for a license fee payable to YOUNEEQ. Said
license fee would be negotiated prior to said transfer to an additional licensee(s).

8
 

d.
If any part of this Agreement or any other agreement entered into pursuant hereto
is contrary to, prohibited or deemed invalid under applicable law or regulation, such provision shall be prohibited or invalid,
but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given full force and effect so far as possible.

e.
The failure or delay of any Party at any time to require performance by another Party
of any provision of this Agreement, even if known, shall not affect the right of such Party thereafter to require performance
of that provision or to exercise any right, power or remedy hereunder, and any waiver by any Party of any breach of any provision
of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the
provision itself.

f.
No notice to or demand on any party, in any case, shall, of itself, entitle such Party
to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.

g.
The terms of this Agreement may only be modified by a written agreement duly signed
by persons authorized to sign agreements on behalf of YOUNEEQ and AMHV.

h.
All notices, demands, requests, or consents required or permitted under this Agreement
shall be in writing and shall be hand-delivered, sent by facsimile, or mailed certified return receipt requests to the respective
Parties at the following addresses, as the same may be changed by notice to the other Party:

 

If
to YOUNEEQ
:

Digital
Cavalier Technology Services Inc.

838
Fort St. #100

Victoria,
BC V8W 1H8

 

 

If
to AMHV
:

American
Hemp Ventures, Inc.

2700
Youngfield Street

Suite
280

Lakewood,
CO 80215

 

i.
YOUNEEQ and AMHV are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture,
employer-employee, or other similar relationship is intended or created by this Agreement.

j.
In the event of any dispute with regard to the interpretation of this Agreement or
the respective rights and obligations of the Parties, other than those for which injunctive relief is appropriate, and as a condition
precedent to any legal action being commenced by either Party, the officers of the Parties shall in good faith attempt to resolve
the Parties’ differences. If the dispute is not, then resolved within fourteen (14) business days either Party may submit
the dispute to Arbitration proceeding governed in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Mediation Procedures of
the American Arbitration Association (“
AAA
”). The arbitration proceeding shall be held in the State of Nevada.
Judgment upon any arbitration award may be

9
 

entered in any court having
jurisdiction thereof, or application may be made in such court for a judicial acceptance of the award or decision and an order
of enforcement.

 

k.
This Agreement and performance hereunder shall be governed by the laws of the State
of Nevada without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The prevailing party in any legal action between the Parties shall
be entitled to its reasonable attorneys’ fees.

l.
This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall constitute an
original and all of which together shall constitute one and the same agreement. The delivery of a signature by facsimile or by
electronic mail shall have the same effect as the delivery of an original signature.

 

 

10
 

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, the Parties
hereto executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

Digital Cavalier Technology Services Inc.

American Hemp Ventures, Inc.

a British Columbia corporation

a Nevada corporation

 

 

By: /s/ Murray Galbraith

By: /s/ Mark Spoone

 

 

Its: CEO

Its: CEO

 

 

Date: 2/9/2022

Date: 2/9/2022

 

 

 

Addendum A
 - Youneeq AI (Software) Description

Addendum B
 – Mutual Nondisclosure Agreement

Addendum C
 – Software Acceptance

Addendum D
 – Not Used

 

 

11
 

ADDENDUM
A

 

Youneeq
AI (Software) Description

 

YouneeqAI
is a SaaS-based Youneeq with a personalization solution that is easily deployable across multiple cloud hosting platforms, currently
utilizes Amazon Web Services (AWS) cloud services and delivers at scale. Robust and efficient enough to scale to the needs of high
traffic websites, such as news and image sites, while capable enough to outperform Salesforce Einstein solution in 50/50 split
testing. YouneeqAI’s AI-based technology captures and analyzes both website visitor behavior historically and in real-time.

 

YouneeqAI
aggregates profiles and other related behavioral data, while continuously scanning and analyzing website content, including
ecommerce products, offers, media, and search history. YouneeqAI utilizes proprietary machine learning algorithms to provide
both content and product personalization and recommendations, thereby delivering real-time personalization and unique user
experiences. YouneeqAI’s new dashboard will leverage web components to move beyond yet another dashboard for customers
and provide real-time actionable insights to drive engagement and personalization either through a modular dashboard or as
part of a customer-managed user interface.

 

Over
four years has gone into development, testing and proof of concept of the platform. YouneeqAI has worked on hundreds of content
and ecommerce websites to develop and train sophisticated algorithms. The need for both time and quantitative veracity of data
is a barrier to entry for many companies entering into machine-learning supported content personalization.

 

YouneeqAI’s
Core Technology is Designed to Be Extensible and Scalable. The core technology is distributed solution that allows buyers to build
out scalable real-time and near-real-time analytics and content personalization

YouneeqAI’s
backend was 
recently updated to Cassandra 4
 thereby enabling easy migration to Google's Big Table, Amazon's DynamoDB, Microsoft's
Cosmos DB

YouneeqAI
includes a cross-cloud data pipeline that is extensible enough to reliably solve most any data analytics challenge, and has been
proven out in one of the most demanding real-world scenarios - multisite digital news (high traffic - low revenue - 24/7 uptime
required) 
(1)

YouneeqAI
Accelerates Deployment of Privacy Compliant Real-Time Personalization

A
strategic customer can gain maximum sales uplift by training YouneeqAI on its proprietary data. An extensible and scalable data
pipeline that can be easily migrated to the customers database platform thereby:

•
Reducing development time by over a year; and

•
Reducing the related opportunity cost of lost uplift in sales during the
development period

A-
1
 

DIGITAL
CAVALIER TECHNOLOGY SERVICES INC. 

 

EXECUTION
| ARCHITECTURE

 

 

 

A-
2
 

A-
3
 

A-
4
 

A-
5
 

ADDENDUM
B

 

NON-DISCLOSURE
AGREEMENT

MUTUAL
NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT

 

On this
9
th
 day of February 2022, Digital Cavalier Technology Services Inc. a British Columbia corporation and American Hemp
Ventures, Inc., a Nevada corporation, agree as follows:

 

1.
In connection with discussions relating to a business opportunity of mutual
interest and in the performance of any agreement between the parties (the “Opportunity”), the parties may find it beneficial
to disclose to each other certain Confidential Information (as defined below). A party disclosing Confidential Information (as
defined below) is a “Disclosing Party” and a party receiving Confidential Information (as defined below) is a “Receiving
Party”. As used in this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all confidential or proprietary information
in tangible or intangible form (including, without limitation, financial information, computer programs, code, software, technical
drawings, algorithms, protocols, printing specifications, technical expertise, know-how, formulas, processes, ideas, inventions
(whether patentable or not), intellectual property, and confidential information of any type or kind, schematics, reports, ticket
test results, charts, graphs, electrical measurement readings, and technical, trade secrets, business and product development plans
and strategies); information disclosed in circumstances of confidence; or information which would be understood by like parties
exercising reasonable business judgment at the time of disclosure to be proprietary which is disclosed to or otherwise acquired
by the Receiving Party, but does not include information that:

 

(a)
is already known to the Receiving Party prior to the date of disclosure;

 

(b)
is or becomes generally known to the public domain through no violation of
this Agreement by the Receiving Party;

 

(c)
is received from an unaffiliated third party without an obligation of nondisclosure
or breach of an obligation of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party; or

 

(d)
is independently developed by the Receiving Party by personnel who have not
had access to the Confidential Information.

 

2.
With respect to Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party, the Receiving
Party shall:

 

(a)
hold the Confidential Information in confidence and protect it in accordance
with the same degree of care with which it protects its own Confidential Information of like importance which it does not wish
to disclose, but in no event less than reasonable care;

 

(b)
use the Confidential Information only in connection with the discussions
or the performance of any agreement between the parties or as may be expressly approved by the Disclosing Party in writing;

 

B-
1
 

(c)
except in the normal anticipated use thereof, not copy or otherwise duplicate
the Confidential Information, or knowingly allow anyone else to copy or otherwise duplicate any of the Confidential Information
then under its control without the Disclosing Party's prior written approval. The Receiving Party shall not remove any confidential,
proprietary or similar notice from the Confidential Information;

 

(d)
restrict disclosure of the Confidential Information solely to those employees
with a need to know, and not disclose it to any other parties;

 

(e)
require that all employees given access to the Confidential Information agree
to maintain the confidentiality thereof, and otherwise comply with the provisions hereof;

 

(f)
perform no reverse engineering or any other unauthorized testing or analysis
upon such Confidential Information; and

 

(g)
upon request of the Disclosing Party, immediately return any and all Confidential
Information to the Disclosing Party or provide certification of its destruction by an officer of the Receiving Party.

 

3.
A Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information of a Disclosing Party
if, and to the extent that, in the opinion of counsel, such disclosure is required by law, in which case the Receiving Party shall
promptly notify the Disclosing Party of the reasons for and nature of the proposed disclosure so that the Disclosing Party may
take such action as it deems necessary.

 

4.
Each party shall be entitled at any time and without notice to the other
to negotiate, disclose and otherwise deal in any manner and for any purpose with third parties regarding its own Confidential Information.

 

5.
Nothing in this Agreement shall require or obligate, or be deemed to require
or obligate, either party in any manner to engage in any business relationship at all with the other party. Nothing in this Agreement
grants, or shall be deemed to grant, to either party any authority or agency of kind or manner to act in any way in the other party’s
name or behalf, and neither party shall hold itself out to be acting in such manner or to possess such authority.

 

6.
All Confidential Information will remain the exclusive property of the Disclosing
Party. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as granting or conferring, whether by sale, license or otherwise,
to a Receiving Party any right, title or interest in any Confidential Information disclosed, nor in any of the patents, trademarks
or copyrights of the Disclosing Party.

 

7.
The provisions hereof shall inure to and be binding upon the successors and
assigns of the parties hereto; provided, however that no disclosure of Confidential Information may be made to any successor or
assign of a Receiving Party without the written consent of the Disclosing Party.

 

8.
This Agreement shall be governed under the laws in the State of Nevada.

B-
2
 

 

9.

Except for the obligations of Paragraph 2 of this Agreement that shall survive for five (5) years from the date hereof and with respect to Confidential Information deemed a trade secret at law, for so long as such information remains a trade secret beyond said five (5) year period, all obligations under this Agreement shall terminate upon the expiration of two (2) years from the date hereof.

 

 

10.

This document represents the full and complete agreement of the parties with respect to the use and confidentiality of the Confidential Information and supersedes all prior communications, agreements or proposals. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the other provisions shall remain effective and enforceable to the greatest extent permitted by law.

 

 

11.

Each party understands and agrees that its breach or threatened breach of this Agreement will cause irreparable injury to the other party and that money damages will not provide an adequate remedy for such breach or threatened breach, and both parties hereby agree that, in the event of such a breach or threatened breach, the non-breaching party will also be entitled, without the requirement of posting a bond or other security, to equitable relief, including injunctive relief and specific performance.

 

 

Digital Cavalier Technology Services Inc.

American Hemp Ventures, Inc.

 

 

By: 
/s/ Murray Galbraith

By: 
/s/ Mark Spoone

Name: 
Murray Galbraith

Name: 
Mark Spoone

Title: 
CEO

Title: 
CEO

2/9/2022

2/9/2022

 

 

B-
3