EX-10.1

2

f8k072919ex10-1_relmada.htm

CONSULTING AGREEMENT, DATED JULY 29, 2019, BY AND BETWEEN CHARLES S. ENCE AND RELMADA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

Exhibit 10.1

 

 

 

July
29, 2019

 

Charles
S. Ence

5861
S Albion Ct

Greenwood
Village, CO 80121

 

Dear
Mr. Ence,

 

On
behalf of Relmada Therapeutics, Inc: (the “Company”), I am pleased to offer you the consulting position of Chief Financial
Officer. As Chief Financial Officer of the Company you shall be a named executive officer. Speaking for myself, as well as the
other members of the management team, we are all impressed with your credentials and look forward to your future success in this
position. The terms of your consulting relationship are set herein (“Consulting Letter”).

 

1.

Position
. The terms of your new position with the Company are as set forth below:

 

(a) You
shall serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company with such responsibilities duties and authority as are assigned to you by
the Chief Executive Officer (“the “CEO”), Sergio Traversa. You shall report directly to the CEO and shall perform
your duties for the Company remotely or at the Company’s offices, except for travel that may be necessary or appropriate
in connection with the performance of your duties hereunder. The corporate headquarters office is located in New York City.

 

(b) Consultant
shall faithfully devote his full business/working time, attention and energy to the business and affairs of the Company and the
performance of his duties, which may be modified periodically by the Office of the CEO and to use his best efforts to perform
such responsibilities faithfully and efficiently. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing paragraph, the Consultant may
join professional associations and otherwise be involved with any other business activities, to the extent that, in the reasonable
judgment of the Office of the CEO, such other business pursuits and activities do not (i) interfere in any material respect with
Consultant’s ability to discharge Consultant’s duties and responsibilities to the Company, whether or not such activity is pursued
for gain, profit or other pecuniary advantage, or (ii) violate the Conflicts provision of Consultant’s Non-Disclosure Agreement.

 

2.
Start Date. Subject to fulfillment of any conditions imposed by this letter agreement, you will commence this new position with
the Company on July 29, 2019 (“
Start Date
”). The Company has the right to withdraw the offer contemplated by
this Consulting Letter Agreement if you are unable to fulfill the Start Date requirement.

 

1

 

 

 

3.

Proof of Right to Work
. For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary
evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided to us within
three (3) business days of your date of hire, or our consulting relationship with you may be terminated.

 

4.

Compensation
.

 

(a)
Base Consulting Fee. You will be paid a monthly base consulting fee of twenty thousand dollars ($20,000), which will be paid in
accordance with the Company’s regular payroll practices.

 

(b) Performance
Cash Bonus. You shall be entitled to a cash bonus in the amount of 50% of your total Base Consulting Fee, that is contingent on
the Company being approved to uplist its common stock to the Nasdaq stock exchange. Such bonus shall then be payable on January
31, 2020 so long as you are a consultant of the Company at such time.

 

(c) Equity
Grant. The Board has agreed to grant to you on the date of this Agreement 100,000 options to purchase common stock under the Company’s
current Stock Option and Equity Incentive Plan. The options shall vest on January 31, 2020, so long as you are a consultant of
the Company at such time and the Company has been approved to uplist its common stock to the Nasdaq stock exchange. The grant
is subject to final approval by the Board. The options will have an exercise price equal to the closing price of the Company’s
common stock on the Start Date, as quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol RLMD. The options have a term of 10 years starting from
the first day of your consulting relationship with the Company.

 

5.

Expenses
.

 

Reimbursement
of Expenses.
 You shall be reimbursed for all normal items of travel and entertainment and miscellaneous expenses reasonably
incurred by you on behalf of the Company provided such expenses are documented and submitted in accordance with the reimbursement
policies in effect from time to time.

 

6.

Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement
. Your acceptance of this offer and commencement of the consulting
relationship with the Company is contingent upon the execution, and delivery to an officer of the Company, of the Company’s
Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement, a copy of which is enclosed for your review and execution (the “
Confidentiality
Agreement
”), prior to or on your Start Date.

 

2

 

 

 

7.

Term
. This Agreement will commence as of the date hereof and shall continue for a period until January 31, 2020 (the “Initial
Term”) therefrom and shall automatically renew for successive three-month periods (each, an “Additional Term”
and, collectively with the Initial Term, the “Term”) unless terminated in accordance with this Section 7.  This
Agreement may be terminated by the Company at any time, upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to you.  This Agreement
may be terminated by you by giving the Company no less than thirty (30) days’ written notice of such termination prior to
the end of such Initial Term or Additional Term with such termination being effective at the end of the Initial Term or Additional
Term, as the case may be. If the Company terminates this agreement before January 31, 2020, without cause, the 50% cash bonus
will be paid, and the 100,000 options will vest.

 

8.

Arbitration
. This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable
to contracts entered into and wholly to be performed within the State of New York by New York residents. Any controversy or claim
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or breach of this Agreement (except for any controversy or claim with respect to
Section 6 or Section 8, which may be submitted, at the option of the Company, to any court of competent jurisdiction located within
New York, New York) is to be settled by arbitration in New York, NY in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the
American Arbitration Association, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
There must be three arbitrators, one to be chosen directly by each party at will, and the third arbitrator to be selected by the
two arbitrators so chosen. Each party will pay the fees of the arbitrator he or she selects and his or her own attorneys, and
the expenses of his or her witnesses and all other expenses connected with presenting his or her case. Other costs of the arbitration,
including the cost of any record or transcripts of the arbitration, administrative fees, the fee of the third arbitrator, and
all other fees and costs, will be borne equally by the parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties may apply to any court
of competent jurisdiction for preliminary or interim equitable relief, or to compel arbitration in accordance with this paragraph,
without breach of this arbitration provision.

 

3

 

 

 

9.

Miscellaneous.
 This Consulting Letter, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, sets forth the terms of your consulting
relationship with the Company and supersedes any prior representations or agreements, whether written or oral. This Consulting
Letter may not be modified or amended except by a written agreement, signed by the Company and by you. Whenever possible, each
provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision
of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability will be lessened or reduced to the extent possible or will be severed and will
not affect any other provision and this Agreement will be reformed, construed and enforced in such jurisdiction as if such invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provision had never been contained herein. This Agreement will be governed by New York law without reference
to rules of conflicts of law. The waiver of any breach of any provision of this Consulting Letter will not operate or be construed
as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or other provision of this Consulting Letter. This Agreement will be binding
on, and inure to the benefit of, the executors, administrators, heirs, successors, and assigns of the parties; provided, however,
that except as expressly provided in this Agreement, this Agreement may not be assigned either by Company or by Consultant. This
Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement.

 

10.

Notices
. All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for hereunder shall be in writing and shall
be deemed given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) one (1) day after being sent by a well established commercial
overnight service, (iii) three (3) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid
and addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later
designate in writing, (iv) upon confirmation of facsimile transfer, if sent by facsimile or (v) upon confirmation of delivery
when directed to the electronic mail address set forth below, if sent by electronic mail:

 

 

If
 to the Company:

880
 Third Avenue, 12
th
 Floor  

 

 

New York, NY 10020

 

 

Email address:  st@relmada.com

 

 

 

 

If to you:

5861 S Albion Ct

 

 

Greenwood Village, CO 80121

 

 

Email address: chuckence@gmail.com

 

(Signature
page follows)

 

4

 

 

 

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Consulting Agreement as of the date first written above.

 

RELMADA
 THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

CHARLES
 S. ENCE

 

 

 

 

By:

/s/
 Sergio Traversa

 

/s/
 Charles S. Ence

 

Sergio
 Traversa, CEO

 

 

 

5