EX-10.3

4

srpt-ex103_218.htm

EX-10.3

srpt-ex103_218.htm

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT

 

This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into by and between [●] (the "Executive") and Sarepta Therapeutics, Inc. (the "Company"), effective as of the latest date set forth by the signatures of the parties hereto below (the "Effective Date").

R E C I T A L S

 

A.
It is expected that the Company from time to time will consider the possibility of an acquisition by another company or other change in control.  The Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") recognizes that such consideration as well as the possibility of an involuntary termination or reduction in responsibility in connection with •a change in control can be a distraction to Executive and can cause Executive to consider alternative employment opportunities.  The Board has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to assure that the Company will have the continued dedication and objectivity of Executive, notwithstanding the possibility, threat or occurrence of such an event.

 

B.
The Board believes that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to provide Executive with an incentive to continue Executive's employment and to motivate Executive to maximize the value of the Company upon a Change in Control (as defined below).

 

C.
The Board believes that it is imperative to provide Executive with severance benefits upon certain terminations of Executive's service to the Company following a Change in Control that enhance Executive's financial security and provide incentive and encouragement to Executive to remain with the Company notwithstanding the possibility of such an event.

 

D.
Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 6 below. 

The parties hereto agree as follows:

1.
Term of Agreement
.  This Agreement shall become effective as of the Effective Date and terminate upon the date that all obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied.

 

2.
At-Will Employment
.   The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive's employment is and shall continue to be "at-will," as defined under applicable law.  Executive's employment may terminate at any time for any reason, and in case of termination, Executive shall not be entitled to any payments, benefits, damages, awards or compensation other than as provided by this Agreement and/or the Severance Agreement (as defined herein).

 

1

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

3.
Covered Termination During a Change in Control Period
.  If
 
Executive experiences a Covered Termination during a Change in Control Period, and if Executive delivers to the Company a general release of claims in a form acceptable to the Company (the "Release of Claims") that becomes effective and irrevocable 
within 
sixty (60) days following such Covered Termination, then in
 
addition to any accrued but unpaid salary, bonus, vacation and expense reimbursement payable in accordance with applicable law, the Company shall provide Executive with the following:

 

(a)
Severance
.  Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to eighteen
 
(18) months of Executive's base salary at the rate in effect immediately prior to Executive's termination of employment payable in a cash lump sum, less applicable withholdings, as soon as administratively practicable following the date the Release of Claims is not subject to revocation and, in any event, within sixty (60) days following the date of the Covered Termination.

 

(b)
Bonus
.  Executive shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to one hundred percent (100%) of Executive's annual target bonus assuming achievement of performance goals at one hundred percent (100%) payable in a cash lump sum, less applicable withholdings, as soon as administratively practicable following the date the Release of Claims is not subject to revocation and, in any event, within sixty (60) days following the date of the Covered Termination.

 

(c)
Equity Awards
.  Each outstanding equity award, including, without limitation, each stock option and restricted stock award, held by Executive shall automatically become vested and, if applicable, exercisable and any forfeiture restrictions or rights of repurchase thereon shall immediately lapse, in each case, with respect to one hundred percent (100%) of shares subject thereto. The Executive hereby agrees and acknowledges that the accelerated vesting provided for in this Section 3(c) may result in all or a portion of the Executive’s stock options that are intended to qualify as an “incentive stock option” under Section 422 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if any, to cease to qualify as “incentive stock options”.
 

 

(d)
Continued Healthcare
. If Executive is eligible for and elects to receive continued healthcare coverage pursuant to the provisions of COBRA, the Company shall directly pay, or reimburse Executive for, the premium for Executive and Executive's covered dependents through the earlier of (i) the eighteen (18) month anniversary of the date of Executive's termination of employment and (ii) the date Executive and Executive's covered dependents, if any, become eligible for healthcare coverage under another employer's plan(s).  After the Company ceases to pay premiums pursuant to the preceding sentence, Executive may, if eligible, elect to continue healthcare coverage at Executive's expense in accordance with the provisions of COBRA.

 

2

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

4.
Other Terminations
.  If Executive's service with the Company is terminated by the Company or by Executive for any
 or no
 reason other than as a Covered Termination during a Change in Control Period, then Executive shall not be entitled to any benefits hereunder
 other than accrued but unpaid salary, bonus, vacation and expense reimbursement in accordance with applicable law and to elect any continued healthcare coverage as may be required under COBRA or similar state law
.

 

5.
Limitation on Payments
. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or distribution Executive would receive pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise ("Payment") would (a) constitute a "parachute payment" within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and (b) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the "Excise Tax"), then such Payment shall either be (i) delivered in full, or (ii) delivered as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such Payment being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts,
 
taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in the receipt by Executive on an after-tax basis, of the largest payment, notwithstanding that all or
 
some portion of the Payment may be taxable under Section 4999 of the Code. The accounting firm engaged by the Company for general audit purposes as of the day prior to the effective date of the Change in Control shall perform the foregoing calculations.  The Company shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder.  The accounting firm shall provide its calculations to the Company and Executive within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which Executive's right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Company or Executive) or such other time as requested by the Company or Executive.
  
Any good faith determinations of the accounting firm made hereunder shall be final, binding and conclusive upon the Company and Executive.  Any reduction in payments and/or benefits pursuant to this Section 5 will occur in the following order: (1) reduction of cash payments; (2) cancellation of accelerated vesting of equity awards other than stock options; (3) cancellation of accelerated vesting of stock options; and (4) reduction of other benefits payable to Executive.

 

6.
Definition of Terms
.  The following terms referred to in this Agreement shall have the following meanings:

 

(a)
Cause
.  "Cause" means (i) any material act of theft or fraud made by Executive in connection with Executive's responsibilities as an employee; (ii) Executive's conviction of, or plea of 
nolo contendere
 to, a felony or any crime involving fraud, embezzlement or any other act of moral turpitude; (iii) Executive's willful material misconduct with respect to any material aspect of the business of the Company; (iv) Executive's unauthorized  use or disclosure of any proprietary information or trade secrets of the Company or any other party to whom Executive owes an obligation of nondisclosure as a result of Executive's relationship with the Company; (v) Executive's willful breach of any obligations under any written agreement or covenant with the Company; or (vi) Executive's failure to perform his or her employment duties after Executive has received a written notice from the Company which specifically sets forth the factual basis for the Company's belief that Executive has not substantially performed his or her duties, and which Executive fails to cure to the Company's satisfaction within ten (10) business days after receiving such notice.

3

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

(b)
Change in Control
.  “Change in Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events:

(i)
Change in Ownership of the Company
. A change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group ("Person"), acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (i), the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50%) of the total voting power of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; or

(ii)
Change in Effective Control of the Company
. If the Company has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by members of the Board whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the
 
Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this subsection (ii), if any Person is considered to be in effective control of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; or

(iii)
Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of the Company's Assets
. A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company's assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50%) of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection (iii), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company's assets: (A) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company's shareholders immediately after the transfer, or (B) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (1) a shareholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to the Company's stock, (2) an entity, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, (3) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50%) or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company, or (4) an entity, at least fifty percent (50%) of the total value or voting power
 
of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this subsection (iii)(B)(3). For purposes of this subsection (iii), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets.

For purposes of this definition, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company.

 

4

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if: (i) its sole purpose is to change the state of the Company's incorporation, or
 (ii) 
its sole purpose is to create a holding company that shall be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held the Company's securities immediately before such transaction.

 

(c)
Change in Control Period
.  "Change in Control Period" means the twelve (12) month period of time commencing upon a Change in Control.

 

(d)
Constructive Termination
.  "Constructive Termination" means Executive's resignation from employment with the Company within ninety (90) days after the occurrence of one or more of the following conditions without Executive's consent:  (i) a material diminution in Executive's authority, duties, or responsibilities;  (ii) a material diminution in Executive's base salary, other than a diminution ratably applied to other senior executives of the Company; (iii) a material change in the geographic location at which Executive must perform Executive's services hereunder (which shall in no event include a relocation of Executive's office which results in an increased commuting distance from Executive's home to the office of less than thirty (30) miles); or
 
(iv) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach of this or any written agreement or
 
covenant between Executive and the Company by the Company; and which, in the case of any of the foregoing, continues uncured by the Company beyond thirty (30) days after Executive has provided the Company written notice that Executive believes in good faith that such condition giving rise to such claim of Constructive Termination has occurred.  Any such notice shall be provided to the Company within thirty (30) days following the initial occurrence of the condition or event giving
 
rise to Constructive Termination.

 

(e)
Covered Termination
.  "Covered Termination" shall mean Executive's Constructive Termination or the termination of Executive's employment by the Company other than for Cause.

 

7.
Successors
.

 

(a)
Company’s Successors
.  Any successor to the Company (whether direct or indirect and whether by purchase, merger, consolidation, liquidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the Company's business and/or assets shall assume the obligations under this Agreement and agree expressly to perform the obligations under this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent as the Company would be required to perform such obligations in the absence of a succession.  For all purposes under this Agreement, the term "Company" shall include any successor to the Company's business and/or assets which executes and delivers the assumption agreement described in this Section 7(a) or which becomes bound by the terms of this Agreement by operation of law.

 

(b)
Executive’s Successors
.  The terms of this Agreement and all rights of Executive hereunder shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, Executive's personal or legal representatives, executors, administrators, successors, heirs, distributees, devisees and legatees.

 

5

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

8.
Notices
.  Notices and all other communications contemplated by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or one 
(1) 
day following mailing via Federal Express or similar overnight courier service.  In the case of Executive, mailed notices shall be addressed to Executive at Executive's home address that the Company has on file for Executive.  In the case of the Company, mailed notices shall be addressed to its corporate headquarters, 
215 First Street, Cambridge, MA 02142, 
and all notices shall be directed to the attention of its Chief Financial Officer and the 
Senior Director,
 Human Resources.

 

9.
Confidentiality; Non-Solicitation
.

 

(a)
Confidentiality
. While Executive is employed by the Company, and thereafter, Executive shall not directly or indirectly disclose or make available any Confidential Information (as defined in the Confidential Proprietary Rights and Non-Disclosure Agreement between Executive and the Company dated 
[●] (the “
Confidentiality Agreement” attached hereto as Exhibit A)) disclosed to Executive or known by Executive as a consequence of or through his or her relationship with the Company.  During Executive’s employment and following the termination of Executive's employment with the Company, Executive shall continue to be subject to any and all confidentiality and intellectual property agreements between Executive and the Company, including, without limitation, the Confidentiality Agreement, (collectively, the "Confidential  Information Agreements").

 

For the avoidance of doubt, this Agreement does not prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (A) communicating or cooperating with, providing relevant information to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory body or official(s) or self-regulatory organization regarding a possible violation of any federal law relating to fraud or any rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission; (B) filing an administrative complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, U.S. Department of Labor, National Labor Relations Board, or other federal, state or local agency responsible for administering fair employment, wage-hour, labor and other employment laws and regulations; (C) cooperating in an investigation, or responding to an inquiry from any such agency; or (D) testifying, participating in, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding relating to a possible violation of any such law, rule or regulation; provided, however, that Executive agrees that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Executive waives any claim for individual monetary relief in connection with any such action, investigation or proceeding. 

 

(b)
Non-Disparagement
. Executive also agrees not to disparage, criticize or defame the Company, its affiliates and their respective affiliates, directors, officers, agents, partners, stockholders, individuals who are known by Executive to be employees of the Company, products, services, technology or business, either publicly or privately; 
provided however
, nothing in this Section shall have application to any evidence or testimony required by any court, arbitrator or government agency or to any truthful statements necessary in any litigation regarding the enforcement of this Agreement.

 

(c)
Non-Solicitation
. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company has invested substantial time, money and resources in the development of its Confidential 

6

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

Information 
(as defined in the Executive’s Confidential
ity
 Agreement) and the development and retention of its customers, clients, collaborators, and employees.  Executive further acknowledges that during the course of his/her employment, he/she may be introduced to customers, clients, and collaborators of
 the Company
, and agrees that any “goodwill” associated with any customer, client, or collaborator belongs exclusively to 
the Company
.  In recognition of the foregoing, Executive specifically acknowledges and agrees that while he/she is employed by 
the Company 
and 
for a period of one (1) year 
after
 termination of 
such 
employment 
(
for any reason, 
whether voluntary or involuntary) Executive will not directly or indirectly in any position or capacity engage in the following activities for himself/herself or for 
any other person, 
business,
 corporation, 
partnership
 or 
other entity:

 

(i)
call upon, solicit, divert, or accept, or attempt to solicit or divert any of the Company’s business or prospective business from any of the Company’s customers, clients, collaborators, or prospective customers, clients or collaborators with whom Executive had contact or whose dealings with the Company Executive coordinated or supervised or about whom Executive obtained Confidential Information (as defined in the Executive’s Confidentiality Agreement), at any time during the two (2) year period prior to the termination of Executive’s employment, unless Executive obtains prior written consent of the Company;  or

(ii)
request, solicit, induce, hire (or attempt or assist in doing any of these actions) any employee or other person (including consultants) who may have performed work or services for the Company within one (1) year prior to the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company to perform work or services for any person or entity other than the Company.

EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THESE RESTRICTIONS SHALL APPLY AND BE BINDING REGARDLESS OF CHANGES IN EXECUTIVE’S POSITION, DUTIES, GEOGRAPHIC LOCATION, RESPONSIBILITIES OR COMPENSATION DURING HIS/HER EMPLOYMENT.

 

(d)
Remedies
.  Executive acknowledges and agrees that the provisions of this Agreement are of a special and unique nature, the loss of which cannot be accurately compensated for in damages by an action at law, and that the breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by the Executive or any of his or her representatives would cause the Company and its affiliates irreparable harm and that money damages would not be an adequate remedy.  Executive agrees on behalf of him or herself and his or her representatives that the Company (and its affiliates) shall be entitled to  equitable relief, including, without limitation, an injunction or injunctions (without the requirement of posting a bond, other security or any similar requirement or proving any actual damages), to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement by Executive or any of his or her representatives and to specifically enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to which the Company (or its affiliates) may be entitled at law or in equity
.

 

7

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

(e)
Survival of Provisions
.  The provisions of this Section 9 shall survive the termination or expiration of the applicable Executive's employment with the Company and shall be fully enforceable thereafter.  If
 
it is determined by a court of competent 
jurisdiction in
 any state that any restriction in this Section 9 is excessive in duration or scope or is unreasonable or unenforceable under the laws of that state, it is the intention of the parties that such restriction may be modified or amended by the court to render it enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by the law of that state.

 

(f)
DTSA Notice
. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to interfere with or discourage Executive from communicating with government agencies about possible violations of law or otherwise providing information to government agencies or participating in government agency investigations or proceedings. Executive is not required to notify the Company of any such communications; provided however, that nothing herein authorizes the disclosure of information Executive obtained through a communication that was subject to the attorney-client privilege. Further, Executive is hereby advised in accordance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 that Executive will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that: (a) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney; and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (b) is made in a complaint or other document that is filed under seal in a lawsuit or other proceeding.

 

Executive is further notified that if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the Company’s trade secrets to Executive’s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding only if Executive: (a) files any document containing the trade secret under seal; and (b) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order.

 

10.
Dispute Resolution
.  To ensure the timely and economical resolution of disputes that arise in connection with this Agreement, Executive and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or causes of action arising from or relating to the enforcement, breach, performance or interpretation  of this Agreement, Executive's employment, or the termination  of Executive's employment, shall be resolved to the fullest extent permitted by law by final, binding and confidential arbitration, by a single arbitrator, in Boston, Massachusetts, conducted by Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. ("JAMS") under the applicable JAMS employment rules. 
By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both Executive and the Company waive the right to resolve any such dispute through a trial by jury or judge or administrative proceeding.
  The arbitrator shall:  (i) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be permitted by law; and (ii) issue a written arbitration decision, to include the arbitrator's essential findings and conclusions and a statement of the award. The arbitrator shall be authorized to award any or all remedies that Executive or the Company would be entitled to seek in a court of law.  The Company shall pay all JAMS' arbitration fees in excess of
 
the amount of court fees that would be required if the dispute were decided in a court of law. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to prevent either Executive or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive and the Company each have the right to resolve any issue or dispute over intellectual property rights or the Executive’s obligations under Section 9 of this Agreement by Court action instead of arbitration.

8

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

 

11.
Miscellaneous Provisions
.

 

(a)
Section 409A
.

(i)
General
.  It is intended that the provisions of this Agreement comply with, or be exempt from, Section 409A of the Code and the regulations and guidance promulgated thereunder (collectively “Section 409A”), and all provisions of this Agreement shall be construed in a manner consistent with the requirements for avoiding taxes or penalties under Section 409A.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company shall have no liability with regard to any failure to comply with Section 409A.  If, under this Agreement, an amount is to be paid in two or more installments, for purposes of Section 409A, each installment shall be treated as a separate payment.

(ii)
Separation from Service
.  Notwithstanding  any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, no amount deemed deferred compensation subject to Section 409A shall be payable pursuant to Section 3 unless Executive's termination of employment constitutes a "separation from service" with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A and the Department of Treasury regulations and other guidance promulgated thereunder ("Separation from Service") and, except as provided under Section 1l(a)(iii) of this Agreement, any such amount shall not be paid, or in the case of installments, commence payment, until the sixtieth (60
th
) day following Executive's  Separation from Service.  Any installment payments that would
 
have been made to Executive during the sixty (60) day period immediately following Executive's Separation from Service but for the preceding sentence shall be paid to Executive on the sixtieth
 
(60
th
) day following Executive's Separation from Service and the remaining payments shall be made
 
as provided in this Agreement.

(iii)
Specified Employee
. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is deemed at the time of his/her separation from service to be a "specified employee" for purposes of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, to the extent delayed commencement of any portion of the benefits to which Executive is entitled under this Agreement is required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, such portion of Executive's benefits shall not be provided to Executive prior to the earlier of (a) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the date of the Executive's Separation from Service or (b) the date of Executive's death. Upon the first business day following the expiration of the applicable Code Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) period, all payments deferred pursuant to this Section 1l (a)(iii) shall be paid in a lump sum to Executive, and any remaining payments due under this Agreement shall be paid as otherwise provided herein.

(iv)
Expense Reimbursements
.  To the extent that any reimbursements payable pursuant to this Agreement are subject to the provisions of Section 409A, any such reimbursements payable to Executive pursuant to this Agreement shall be paid to Executive no later than December 31 of the year following the year in which the expense was incurred, the amount of expenses reimbursed in one year shall not affect the amount eligible for reimbursement in any subsequent year, and Executive's right to reimbursement under this Agreement will not be subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit.

9

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

(b)
Confidentiality of this Agreement
. 
 
Executive understands and agrees that, to the extent permitted by law and except as otherwise permitted by Sections 9(a) or (f) of this Agreement, the terms and contents of this Agreement, and the contents of the negotiations and discussions resulting in this Agreement, shall be maintained by Executive in confidence and shall not be disclosed to any third party
, p
rovided however, that Executive may disclose the terms and contents of this Agreement to his/her spouse and legal and financial advisors on condition that those parties agree not disclose same to others
 or to enforce the Executive’s rights under this Agreement
.
 

(c)
Waiver
.  No provision of this Agreement shall be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive).  No waiver by either party of
 
any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party shall be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time.

(d)
Whole Agreement
.  This Agreement, the Confidential Information Agreement, and that certain Severance Agreement, by and between the Company and the Executive, dated as of the date hereof, (the “
Severance Agreement
”) represent the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior arrangements and understandings regarding same, including, without limitation, any accelerated vesting provisions of Executive's offer letter agreement, employment agreement and/or stock option agreement.

(e)
Choice of Law
. The validity, interpretation, construction and performance of this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The parties agree that any court action or proceeding authorized by this Agreement may only be brought in the state or federal courts located in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

(f)
Severability
.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision or provisions of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision hereof, which shall remain in full force and effect.

(g)
Counterparts
.  This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

 

(Signature page follows)

10

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF
, 
each of the parties has executed this 
Agreement
,
 in
 the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer, as of the day and year set forth below.

 

SAREPTA THERAPEUTICS, INC.

 

By:

 

 

 

Title:

 

 

 

Date:

 

 

 

 

 

EXECUTIVE

 

By:

 

 

 

Title:

 

 

 

Date:

 

 

11

EXHIBIT 10.3

 

Exhibit A

 

Confidential Proprietary Rights and Non-Disclosure Agreement between Executive

and the Company dated 
[●]

12