EX-10.6

9

vc019_ex10-6.htm

EXHIBIT 10.6

Exhibit 10.6 

 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL

 

Non-Disclosure Agreement

 

ADVANCED BIOMED INC. (hereinafter
referred to as “Party A”) and Unimold Technology Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Party B”), both parties have
commissioned processing and [ ] for injection molding mold kernels required for [ ] Injection Molding Foundry "Establishment of
Contract Manufacturing Program (hereinafter referred to as the Project), in order to ensure the confidentiality of information related
to this Project and maintain the inherent rights and interests of both parties, the two parties agree to conclude." The confidentiality
agreement (hereinafter referred to as this Agreement) stipulates the following terms to ensure that both parties can abide by it together.

 

I. Definition

 

1.
One of the parties
 disclosing information for the purposes of the Project is referred to as the "
Disclosing
 Party
"; One of the parties to whom the information is received is called the "
Recipient
".

 

2.
For the purposes
 of this Agreement, "
Confidential Information
" refers to all tangible or
 intangible expressions (including but not limited to oral, written messages, writing, notes,
 drawings, models, e-mails, computer programs, audio-visual content, electromagnetic recordings
 and vehicles), information or materials of a technical, commercial, non-technical or other
 nature that are not disclosed by the disclosing party ( Including but not limited to patent
 rights, copyrights, trademark rights, technology, inventions, research records or achievements,
 financial, personnel, procurement, sales or customer information of the disclosing party
 or its shareholders now or in the future, products, products, etc. Information relating to
 or derived from the foregoing, including original or copies of analyses, research reports,
 compilations and other documents produced by the disclosing party or its agents (e.g. lawyers,
 accountants and financial advisors) or on behalf of the disclosing party that contain or
 reflect such confidential information or those who have commented on it.

 

3.
When the "Confidential
 Information" referred to in the preceding paragraph is disclosed in the form of a tangible
 object, the disclosing party shall mark the object as "Confidential" or "confidential".
 If there is no such indication or inability to indicate the information (e.g., dictation,
 viewing, hearing), the disclosing party shall declare that the disclosure is "confidential"
 at the time of disclosure, and shall submit the disclosed confidential information to the
 recipient for confirmation within ten days from the day following the date of disclosure,
 and submit it to the recipient for confirmation after adding the foregoing confidential marking.

 

4.
For the purposes
 of this Agreement, "
disclosure
" means the disclosure of confidential information
 by:

 

(1) Written;

(2) email;

(3) delivered
together with other projects;

(4) Access at
the behest of the disclosing party (e.g. access to confidential information in the database, including but not limited to

watching, hearing
or reading);

(5) Verbal disclosure,
audio or video broadcast, or delivery to the recipient for viewing, knowledge or possession.

 

PRIVATE &
CONFIDENTIAL

 

 

 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL

 

II.
Confidentiality
 Obligations

 

1.
The Recipient shall
 use the Confidential Information only for the purposes of the Program or the original disclosure,
 and shall take such reasonable steps as may be necessary to process, keep and use the Disclosing
 Party's Confidential Information with the same care as it does with its own Confidential
 Information to protect the confidentiality of confidential information from improper disclosure,
 disclosure, misappropriation or dissemination.

 

2.
The Recipient agrees
 that its employees will only know or use the Confidential Information only to those who do
 not know or use it in their duties, and the Recipient shall enter into a confidentiality
 contract with the employee that is substantially the same as the content of this Agreement.

 

3.
If the Recipient
 needs to deliver or inform a third party of confidential information due to the performance
 of the work within the scope of the agreed purpose, it shall obtain the prior written consent
 of the disclosing party and shall sign a confidentiality contract with the third party that
 is substantially the same as the content of this agreement.

 

4.
Except as otherwise
 provided in this Agreement or with the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, any
 information, content, plans, meetings, meetings, or negotiations regarding any consultations,
 discussions, or negotiations relating to the Program or the Confidential Information, in
 whole or in part, in respect of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, the Recipient
 shall keep the confidentiality of the existence and content of and in accordance with the
 provisions of this Agreement, and shall not provide or disclose it to the media, the public,
 institutions, trade names, or a third person other than a group, corporation or a party other
 than both parties to know, possess or use.

 

III.
Exclusions to
 Confidentiality Obligations

 

The Recipient shall not
be liable for the confidentiality of the Confidential Information as defined in this Agreement if:

 

1.
It has been disclosed
 as a well-known document or information and the disclosure of such information is not caused
 by the recipient's negligence or violation of the provisions of this Agreement.

 

2.
Documents or information
 was known or held by the Recipient in a lawful manner.

 

3.
The Recipient obtains
 or knows from a third party who provides or discloses the information from other lawful sources
 by lawful means.

 

4.
Documents or information
 that the recipient proves to be independently developed on the basis of confidential information
 provided by the disclosing party.

 

5.
The disclosing party
 agrees in writing.

 

6.
Those who provide
 or disclose it based on the provisions of the law, the order of the court or the order of
 the government. However, the provision or disclosure of such provisions shall be limited
 to the scope of the law or the order of a court or government agency, and the situation shall
 be notified in writing to the disclosure in advance before it does not violate the relevant
 laws or orders.

 

PRIVATE &
CONFIDENTIAL

 

 

 

 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL

 

IV.
Obligation
 to return or destroy data

 

1.
The Recipient shall,
 within ten days after termination or rescission of this Agreement or the day following the
 written notice from the Recipient, return to the Disclosing Party all confidential information
 delivered by the Disclosing Party, as well as all originals, copies, photocopies thereof
 and copies thereof, including without limitation, tangible or intangible objects of any finished
 products, templates, documents, diskettes, diskettes, CDs, e-mails, electromagnetic records,
 reports, abstracts, excerpts, text exchanges, audio tapes, videotapes, notes, drawings, models,
 specifications, compilation files, computer programs and other media presentation or preservation
 of Confidential Information).

 

2.
If the information
 cannot be returned (including but not limited to electromagnetic records such as software
 programs installed on the hardware device), the recipient shall immediately delete and destroy
 it.

 

V.
The meaning
 of not authorized

 

1.
The Recipient acknowledges
 and respects that the Confidential Information disclosed or provided by the Disclosing Party,
 or the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party known or held by the Recipient through
 negotiation or partnership, is the property of the Disclosing Party or the original owner
 of the Confidential Information, and is not the property of the Recipient.

 

2.
The disclosure, provision,
 knowledge, possession and use of confidential information shall be in accordance with the
 provisions of this Agreement, unless otherwise agreed by both parties, and the parties shall
 not transfer the rights and obligations of this Agreement to a third party without the written
 consent of the other party.

 

3.
Unless otherwise
 agreed by the parties, the Disclosing Party shall not be deemed to have consented to authorize
 or transfer part or all of the rights in the Confidential Information to the Recipient; or
 the Recipient obtains any authorization or other legal right as a result of the receipt,
 knowledge, possession or use of the Confidential Information.

 

4.
Unless otherwise
 agreed by the parties, this Agreement does not represent an obligation between the parties
 to purchase, sell, license or transfer products, services or technology, nor does it create
 an agency or partnership.

 

VI.
Validity,
 Modification and Duration of the Agreement

 

1.
The term of this
 Agreement shall be from the time the Parties sign this Agreement to the end of the relationship
 between the Parties.

 

2.
After the termination
 or cancellation of this Agreement, the Recipient shall not be exempted in advance from its
 confidentiality obligation to know and hold confidential information during the effective
 period of this Agreement, and the Recipient shall continue to perform its confidentiality
 obligations until three after the termination or cancellation of this Agreement.

 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL

 

 

 

 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL

 

3.
If a part of this
 Agreement is deemed invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the invalid, illegal or unenforceable
 provision shall not affect the other provisions of this Agreement. The foregoing invalid,
 illegal or unenforceable provisions shall be deemed not to have been included in this Agreement
 from the beginning.

 

4.
The signing of this
 Agreement supersedes any prior oral or written agreement between the parties relating to
 this Agreement. Any subsequent additions, deletions or modifications to the terms of this
 Agreement must be in writing and shall be effective after being signed by both parties.

 

5.
During the litigation
 arising from this Agreement, except for the disputed part, the parties shall still abide
 by and perform the other parts of this Agreement.

 

VII.
Breach
 of the Agreement

 

1.
Unless otherwise
 agreed by both parties, if either party violates this Agreement (such as non-performance
 or performance in a manner not in accordance with this Agreement), the other Party shall
 notify the violating Party of the breach or obligation to make corrections. If the correct
 notice is not made within 10 days after the arrival of the written notice, the other party
 may, without notice, within 20 days after the period of correction has elapsed Terminate
 this Agreement directly by written notice to the breaching party.

 

2.
The Disclosing Party
 shall ensure that the source of the Confidential Information is lawful and does not infringe
 the rights of any third party or breach the confidentiality obligation to the third party,
 and that the Disclosing Party shall bear the losses and additional expenses incurred by the
 Recipient in the event of infringement and damage to the Recipient.

 

3.
During the term of
 this Agreement and for a period of two years after the termination or termination of this
 Agreement, neither Party shall directly or indirectly employ employees of the other Party
 or its subsidiaries or employees who have been separated for less than two years without
 the written consent of the other Party.

 

4.
If the other party
 suffers damage due to the breaching party's violation of the provisions of this agreement,
 the breaching party shall be liable for the damages, lost benefits and reasonable expenses
 (including but not limited to attorney's fees and other expenses incurred in asserting rights)
 suffered by the other party. If the breaching party thus derives any benefit, the breaching
 party shall return all the benefits to the other party as part of the damages.

 

VIII.
Governing
 Law and Court of Jurisdiction

 

1.
If any dispute arises
 from this Agreement, the two parties shall negotiate and resolve it in accordance with the
 principle of good faith.

 

2.
The interpretation,
 validity and other matters not specified in this Agreement shall be governed by the laws
 of the Republic of China.

 

PRIVATE &
CONFIDENTIAL

 

 

 

 

PRIVATE & CONFIDENTIAL

 

3.
In connection
with the dispute arising out of this Agreement, the parties agree that the Tainan District Court of Taiwan shall be the court of first
instance.

 

IX.
This confidentiality
 agreement shall be executed in two copies by each party.

 

The above is the content
of the confidentiality agreement followed by the signing page

 

The person who signed
the agreement

 

Party A
: 
ADVANCED
BIOMED INC. 

Representative: Yi Lu

Uniform number: [ ]

Address: No. 689-87, Xiaodong
Road, Yongkang District, Tainan City

Phone: [ ]

 

Party B: 
Unimold Technology
Inc.

Representative: Chairman:
[ ]

Uniform number: [ ]

Address: No. 162, Zhengnan
Third Road, Yongkang District, Tainan City

Phone: [ ]

 

PRIVATE &
CONFIDENTIAL